28	Cheapest mobile operator in Europe	    Is where any default cheap mobile provider across Europe? I want to buy sim-card in one country (East or Nord Europe), and use it in other (West Europe). Is it possible? 
110	What is the best method for exchanging dollars for Euros?	I'm traveling from the US to Europe in a few weeks.  What's the best method of exchanging dollars for Euros?    I imagine there's options like:   at the airport when you arrive in Europe at a bank in the US before you leave at a bank in Europe upon arriving  
203	How do you avoid "tourist traps" when traveling to a country where you do not speak the language?	Too many easily accessible restaurants and attractions cater heavily to tourists, and, in doing so, create an environment that they feel will be comfortable to people from other cultures.    Spending too much time in these locations sometimes leads with only a superficial understanding of the culture.  This is especially difficult when you do not speak the local language.  For travelers who want to learn as much about the authentic culture and day-to-day lives of the people in the areas they are vacationing in, what are some techniques for avoiding the heavily tourist-oriented attractions?  How do you work around the language barrier?  How do you avoid areas that are unsafe? 
189	How good is Public Transport In the USA?	I am planning a Round-the-World trip and my first stop will be the USA. I am from England where public transport is quite good and covers everywhere. I have already purchased Greyhound tickets for inter-city travel, so my main question is how good is the public transport in the cities and what sort of prices should I expect? Can you get weekly travel passes that allow you to travel unlimited amount of times on Public Transport? I am doing my trip on a backpacker's budget, so I am looking for the cheapest method of transport.  The cities I am planning on visiting are:   Washington  Philladelphia New York Niagara Chicago Las Vegas Los Angeles San Diego   Are there particular types of transport that are better in particular cities i.e. Bus in one city but subway in another? 
226	What seasonal work can fund travel?	I'm fond of the travel strategy that involves arriving at a workplace near your destination and doing seasonal labor until you've saved enough to have fun in and around the same geographical area.  The archetypal way of doing this is to get a job at an Alaskan cannery or fishing operation and process seafood for a season and then you've got your expenses and flight home paid for, plus some money to burn running around Alaska, skiing, rafting, camping, etc.  What I want to know, is what other similar scenarios exist where there is a ready, high-turnover job market located in a part of the world where I can also get my tourist jollies. 
289	Is the border between Georgia and Russia open to citizens of other countries?	I know the one border between the Republic of Georgia and Russia that is not in a rebel province was officially opened in the last couple of years... but reports are conflicting as to whether people not from ex CIS countries can cross.  So can somebody please confirm one way or another, is the border between Georgia and Russia open for travellers? 
295	Can I apply for a Russian visa from the Republic of Georgia?	I will be in the Republic of Georgia in the Caucasus in a few months and am considering a side trip to Russia; either via the Black Sea to Sochi or across the one land border that is apparently open to foreigners.  But considering the recent history and delicate political situation between these countries, is it possible for a foreigner to get a visa to Russia while in Georgia? If not what about Armenia? If not, what other possibilities exist? 
390	How can I use my US iPhone (AT&T) in a foreign country, specifically Iceland, without paying through the nose?	    I would like to be able to use my iPhone for text messages, short voice calls, and a few 10's of Megabytes of data access while in Iceland this September. Is there a way to do that inexpensively, on the cheap?  Is it even possible?  When we were in Canada (CANADA!!) in October, 2009, we used our phones for about 6 minutes of voice calls, a handful of text messages and looking up our location / directions with the Maps app once over the cellular network and it cost us $90+ for the "privilege" after they tallied it up on our bill the next month. I was astounded at how much it cost.  I didn't even bring my phone with me when we went to Mexico recently. I was afraid of how much it might cost me. 
403	What's the cheapest way to convert British Pounds into other currency?	I'm travelling around Europe and want to convert some money to Euros. What's the most cost-effective way of doing this? Should I convert as much as I think I'm going to need in one go, or withdraw from ATMs as I go? Are there any banks which are better than others on exchange rates? 
429	Tipping etiquette in different countries	What are the tipping etiquette in different countries? How much tip should I give to a waiter/waitress? 
447	Do you need to submit an itinerary to get a Russian visa? And do you have to stick to it?	I believe there are certain countries which in order to be granted a visa you must submit your intended itinerary. I am pretty sure I've heard Russia is or was formerly such a country.  What do independent travellers do? I've been thinking of hitch-hiking across Russia without a precise plan and a friend of mine has wanted to do a road trip across Russia also without an exact plan.  Is this a no-brainer or is there lots of red tape we would have to deal with? Or is it just official-speak / bureaucracy where they make it look complicated but in practice it turns out to be easy? 
575	Inexpensive way to use my US iPhone's data connection in Turkey?	I want to use my AT&amp;T iPhone – specifically the data connection – while in Turkey in September.  What's the easiet, cheapest way to make my phone work in that country?  How good is the service?  Is it even worth it outside of Istanbul? 
575	Inexpensive way to use my US iPhone's data connection in Turkey?	I want to use my AT&amp;T iPhone – specifically the data connection – while in Turkey in September.  What's the easiet, cheapest way to make my phone work in that country?  How good is the service?  Is it even worth it outside of Istanbul? 
589	Motorbikes in Thailand and Laos	Does anyone know of a place to hire motorbikes in Thailand, say Bangkok or Chiang Mai, and ride them into Laos and back? The trip will be self-guided and should take no longer than two weeks. 
562	How far away can I get with my car starting in Amsterdam?	It is a question I have been dreaming about since I can remember. Could I for example drive to Argentina from Amsterdam, or can I drive all the way to South-africa? What are the extremities of a get-as-far-as-I-can-get road trip and what are the typical routes.   
638	If I travel to Paris, can I get by with just English?	If I plan on visiting Paris, but not really the rest of France, is it still important for me to learn at least enough French to get by? Are people in Paris going to be willing to speak English if they know it, or is it more like they want to see you at least trying? 
688	Are cruises' Shore Excursions worth the money?	We recently embarked on a 12-night cruise (my first) and noticed the exorbitant prices for the shore excursions at every port. My question is - Are these really worthwhile, given that they relieve all the stress of touring a strange land (but that's part of the experience, right?) and are guided? Or is it almost always better to disembark and make your own way?  
763	How to see the Norwegian fjords?	I am currently working in The Hague area of the Netherlands. This summer is too cold to spend weekends on the beach, so I've decided to spend 3-4 days seeing the Norwegian fjords instead.   I understand there are three possibilities:   Find a ship starting from Amsterdam that goes to the fjords and back. Go to one of the fjords and rent a house for 2-3 days. Go to Oslo or another Norwegian city, stay there, and take a bus trip to the fjords.   Which is the cheapest, and what are the advantages and disadvantages of each?  As for now - the most desired for me is 2. I checked the prices for flights - and Oslo is 3 times cheaper from Amsterdam then Trondheim. Do you know if there is a possibility to rent a house on the fjord close to Oslo? 
755	Are there ferry companies that visit the Norwegian fjords?	I'm interested in visiting Norway's fjords via a round-trip ferry out of Oslo. Are there companies that do this? 
835	Extended stay visa for Germany	I want to apply for an extended stay visa for Germany to visit a friend.  I want to visit beyond the 90 days that American can visit Schengen countries without going through an application process.  The German embassy website indicates that I need to fill out an on-line visa application form.  The form asks for the length of stay but indicates that a number greater than 90 days can't be entered.  I'm also asked to provide a copy of a plane reservation but I don't want to buy a plane ticket without knowing if I can stay longer than 90 days.    Does anyone have pointers for navigating the process?  UPDATE:  After some digging around I found from the German Embassy Website that anyone who wishes to stay in Germany more than 90 days must obtain a residence permit.  This information was hard to find because it is only stated in the section that deals with permanent residence.  From the website:     Citizens of the United States of America, Australia, Canada, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland, the Republic of Korea, as well as EU citizens may apply for their residence permit after entering Germany without a visa.  
833	a webservice for finding the flights by country	    Do you know any webapplication/service which allow me to specify the contry/state for destinations and arivals and it gives you all the flights from all the cities/airports of that contries/areas.  I plan to travel in Europe! 
910	Collecting French (SNCF) "Ticket On Departure" tickets from outside of France?	For an upcoming trip, I've booked some TGV tickets through Rail Europe. They wanted a surprising amount of money for postage, so I opted instead for the free option of "Ticket On Departure", that is, collecting the ticket from a ticket machine.  Last year I did a similar trip, except then I booked the TGV tickets from Eurostar. For that trip, I was able to collect the TGV tickets from the Eurostar ticket machines at St Pancras before I left. Unfortunately, the Eurostar website wouldn't let me book TGV tickets this year, so I had to go with Rail Europe.  What I'd like to do is to pick up these TGV tickets in advance again, so I don't have to worry about queues in Paris when picking them up (even if I've now got hints on getting the metro tickets and getting across Paris, thanks all!).  Rail Europe provide fairly detailed instructions on using the French ticket machines to pick up Ticket On Departure tickets, but they don't say anything about how you might be able to pick the tickets up from anything other than a SNCF ticket machine in France.  I had a go at picking up the tickets from a SNCB ticket machine in Brussels, but it didn't recognise the booking reference I've got. I also tried the Eurostar machines at St Pancras, but this year they also claimed to not know about the booking reference. This makes me think it may no longer be possible.  So, is it now the case that SNCF ticket on departure tickets can only be collected from ticket machines in France, or is it still possible to get them outside of France? 
910	Collecting French (SNCF) "Ticket On Departure" tickets from outside of France?	For an upcoming trip, I've booked some TGV tickets through Rail Europe. They wanted a surprising amount of money for postage, so I opted instead for the free option of "Ticket On Departure", that is, collecting the ticket from a ticket machine.  Last year I did a similar trip, except then I booked the TGV tickets from Eurostar. For that trip, I was able to collect the TGV tickets from the Eurostar ticket machines at St Pancras before I left. Unfortunately, the Eurostar website wouldn't let me book TGV tickets this year, so I had to go with Rail Europe.  What I'd like to do is to pick up these TGV tickets in advance again, so I don't have to worry about queues in Paris when picking them up (even if I've now got hints on getting the metro tickets and getting across Paris, thanks all!).  Rail Europe provide fairly detailed instructions on using the French ticket machines to pick up Ticket On Departure tickets, but they don't say anything about how you might be able to pick the tickets up from anything other than a SNCF ticket machine in France.  I had a go at picking up the tickets from a SNCB ticket machine in Brussels, but it didn't recognise the booking reference I've got. I also tried the Eurostar machines at St Pancras, but this year they also claimed to not know about the booking reference. This makes me think it may no longer be possible.  So, is it now the case that SNCF ticket on departure tickets can only be collected from ticket machines in France, or is it still possible to get them outside of France? 
938	Trans-Siberian Express: Stopping along the way?	I'm planning a trip on the Trans-Siberian Express. I've already received excellent advice on a related post, but I've got a couple more questions.   My plan is to head from Moscow to Beijing. It's six solid days of train travel, and I'm looking to break up the trip with a few stops along the way.   Any recommendations as to where? Since I'd like to travel in either a Spalniy or Kupe compartment, it appears that I would need to book well in advance. How can I best book my tickets if I plan to break my journey into three or four legs? Are there different visa requirements if I plan to stop off in, say, Mongolia for a few days, rather than making the trip in one stretch? (See also: What is the best way to obtain visas for the Trans-Siberian/Trans-Mongolian Railway?)   
938	Trans-Siberian Express: Stopping along the way?	I'm planning a trip on the Trans-Siberian Express. I've already received excellent advice on a related post, but I've got a couple more questions.   My plan is to head from Moscow to Beijing. It's six solid days of train travel, and I'm looking to break up the trip with a few stops along the way.   Any recommendations as to where? Since I'd like to travel in either a Spalniy or Kupe compartment, it appears that I would need to book well in advance. How can I best book my tickets if I plan to break my journey into three or four legs? Are there different visa requirements if I plan to stop off in, say, Mongolia for a few days, rather than making the trip in one stretch? (See also: What is the best way to obtain visas for the Trans-Siberian/Trans-Mongolian Railway?)   
766	What time of year is best for taking the Trans-Siberian Express?	I'm interested in taking a train journey from Moscow to Beijing via Mongolia. Is there a recommended time of year for this Trans-Siberian trip?  
973	How long does it take for a US citizen to get their first passport?	If I am a US citizen and I have never had a passport before, how long will it take for me to get one? How early do I need to apply before I plan on going abroad? 
166	Kazakhstan visa in Uzbekistan?	I'll be passing through Uzbekistan shortly, and will need another Kazakhstan tourist visa before I head back there.  What locations can I get this at, and any idea how long it will take to achieve? 
1006	Downloadable maps of China	Have met travellers cycling in Tajikistan, and they're hoping they can download maps of China - either road or cycle tracks (or both). They've searched high and low, and haven't found decent road-level quality maps.  Any suggestions for easily downloadable maps for a laptop? 
1060	Recommended destinations located close to Siem Reap, Cambodia	My wife and I are planning an "adventure" honeymoon to South East Asia in February 2012.  We have our eye currently on Angkor Wat (Siem Reap, Cambodia).  Our honeymoon will be for 2 weeks and we are interested to hear what other places in the surrounding area that are recommended as we know Angkor Wat will not take 2 weeks to see.  We are up for taking a short flight or bus and crossing into other countries.  We like hiking, jungle tours, seeing animals, beaches, and seeing interesting "old" things such as temples and ruins.  We're not fans of big cities and night clubbing/partying.  We are both seasoned travellers.  Any suggestions or small "hidden gems" would be highly appreciated! 
1064	Is it possible for a tourist to visit South Ossetia?	South Ossetia is a rebel provice of the Republic of Georgia recognized and supported by Russia as an independent state since 2008 but recognized by most countries in the world as part of the Republic of Georgia.  Last I heard the situation was a bit different to that in Abkhazia which I believe can be visited somehow.  I heard that in the case of South Ossetia you cannot visit from Russia (North Ossetia) unless you are a citizen of a CIS country, and that you cannot visit from Georgia at all.  Is this still the case in November 2011? Can I visit as foreign tourist either from Georgia or Russia and if so what visas/permits/paperwork will I need? If I can visit from Russia but not from Georgia will I have trouble subsequently visiting Georgia with a South Ossetia passport stamp?  P.S.  I'm not asking about whether any western country issues travel advisories asking me not to visit. I'm aware it's unstable to some degree or other. If there are documented killings or kidnappings of western tourists in the last year that may be relevant however. 
1063	Is it possible to visit Abkhazia by land from Georgia?	Is it possible currently (November 2011) to visit the rebel province of Abkhazia from the rest of the Republic of Georgia? (Russia regards it as independent since 2008 but most or all other countries regard it as still part of Georgia)  I had heard that it was not allowed by the Georgian government and that soldiers would actively prevent anyone trying to do so.  But that was a while ago and things can and do change quickly and this is not a part of the world where such news quickly becomes known in western countries.  So can I now enter from Georgia and if so what kind of visa/permit would be needed?  If not I assume I can visit from Russia with of course a Russian visa but would I need any other kind of paperwork. And would Georgia let me back in with an Abkhazia stamp in my passport?  (See also my similar but not identical question about South Ossetia)  PS  I'm not asking about whether any western country issues travel advisories asking me not to visit. I'm aware it's unstable to some degree or other. If there are documented killings or kidnappings of western tourists in the last year that may be relevant however. 
1063	Is it possible to visit Abkhazia by land from Georgia?	Is it possible currently (November 2011) to visit the rebel province of Abkhazia from the rest of the Republic of Georgia? (Russia regards it as independent since 2008 but most or all other countries regard it as still part of Georgia)  I had heard that it was not allowed by the Georgian government and that soldiers would actively prevent anyone trying to do so.  But that was a while ago and things can and do change quickly and this is not a part of the world where such news quickly becomes known in western countries.  So can I now enter from Georgia and if so what kind of visa/permit would be needed?  If not I assume I can visit from Russia with of course a Russian visa but would I need any other kind of paperwork. And would Georgia let me back in with an Abkhazia stamp in my passport?  (See also my similar but not identical question about South Ossetia)  PS  I'm not asking about whether any western country issues travel advisories asking me not to visit. I'm aware it's unstable to some degree or other. If there are documented killings or kidnappings of western tourists in the last year that may be relevant however. 
1064	Is it possible for a tourist to visit South Ossetia?	South Ossetia is a rebel provice of the Republic of Georgia recognized and supported by Russia as an independent state since 2008 but recognized by most countries in the world as part of the Republic of Georgia.  Last I heard the situation was a bit different to that in Abkhazia which I believe can be visited somehow.  I heard that in the case of South Ossetia you cannot visit from Russia (North Ossetia) unless you are a citizen of a CIS country, and that you cannot visit from Georgia at all.  Is this still the case in November 2011? Can I visit as foreign tourist either from Georgia or Russia and if so what visas/permits/paperwork will I need? If I can visit from Russia but not from Georgia will I have trouble subsequently visiting Georgia with a South Ossetia passport stamp?  P.S.  I'm not asking about whether any western country issues travel advisories asking me not to visit. I'm aware it's unstable to some degree or other. If there are documented killings or kidnappings of western tourists in the last year that may be relevant however. 
1000	Cell phone frequencies in Nicaragua	    As far as I know, the Nicaraguan cell phone system is on the GSM standard and has two major providers, Claro and Movistar. But what frequencies are used by those two providers' networks? What requirements must a phone meet to work in Nicaragua? 
1153	Which Australian bank/account incurs lowest fees using an ATM card overseas?	As per this question about US banks, I would like to know if any Australian bank offers an account with an ATM card (or Visa/Mastercard debit card) with no or low fees for travellers using them in foreign cash machines.  This includes whether certain Australian banks have deals with certain other banks in other countries where fees are waived/reduced.  My current bank account seems to have too many and too high fees when I'm travelling. If there's a better one I may change banks when I get home. 
1237	Unplanned backpacking across several European countries	I'm an undergraduate student, and upon graduating from my university a year from now, I want to travel solo across Europe.   I want to be on this vacation for a month and a half. The catch is that I don't want the trip to be completely planned beforehand - for a sense of 'adventure'. Applying for a Schengen tourist visa would mean that I would have to show a detailed travel itinerary with hostels I'd plan to stay in.  Some questions:   Now I don't want to decide on hostels beforehand - I would know which countries I will visit and in what order, but I might, at some point, choose to travel to some random city and stay in a hostel there. Will the consulate be okay with such semi-unplanned travel? I have been saving up money for such a trip since the last two years through various internships and projects - I have about 7000 USD that I'm willing to burn. Is this amount enough for such a time period? Should I consider a shorter duration? I'm willing to settle with really cheap accommodation; I don't care much about luxury. Are there trans-Europe vehicle rental agencies that can loan me a motorbike which I can collect from point A and ride till point B, where I could return it?  
1251	Is it bad to give money to beggars in India?	What is the best policy to adopt with regards to beggars in India? Is it ok to give them money/food? If not, are there any charities to which it would be appropriate to give instead? 
1282	Talgo train from Almaty to Astana?	Currently in Almaty, was planning on using the answers in Bishkek (or Almaty) to Novosibirsk next week to go to Novosibirsk, but have heard about this 'Talgo train' to Astana.  It's meant to be overnight but I can't find a timetable or prices for it, just some un-cited references in Wikipedia.  Can anyone help for this? 
1328	In the Loire Valley, are there any "arty" caves that can be visited?	The Tuffeau stone that makes up the bulk of the Loire Valley has been used for building for millennia, and this has left behind a lot of caves. It has also left us lots of lovely buildings too - most of the Chateaux in the area are made of the off-white Tuffeau stone!  Today, it's very easy to find places growing mushrooms in the caves (apparently the Loire is the largest supplier of mushrooms to Paris!), and many places offer tours around them. Equally there are a very large number of houses in the caves, again with many places offering tours and visits. Another popular use is for Saumur Brut, the sparkling wine, which is in many places around Saumur made and aged in the caves, and here too you can often visit.  For all of these popular three reasons for visiting the caves, any guide book or tourist information office will be able to supply you with places to visit, so we've no need of a question for that! However, the caves and the stone have wonderful artistic potential too, and yet looking through a guidebook you won't see anything about caves to visit for this. So, are there any caves that are "arty" that can be visited? 
447	Do you need to submit an itinerary to get a Russian visa? And do you have to stick to it?	I believe there are certain countries which in order to be granted a visa you must submit your intended itinerary. I am pretty sure I've heard Russia is or was formerly such a country.  What do independent travellers do? I've been thinking of hitch-hiking across Russia without a precise plan and a friend of mine has wanted to do a road trip across Russia also without an exact plan.  Is this a no-brainer or is there lots of red tape we would have to deal with? Or is it just official-speak / bureaucracy where they make it look complicated but in practice it turns out to be easy? 
1378	Do American cellphones work in Europe?	I have a Virgin Mobile Pay as you go phone, is there any chance that will work in Hungary, Italy and Germany?  
1379	What should we consider when buying a gift for a host family in Turkey?	In September, we are traveling to Turkey. Part of the trip is a family home stay. We will be staying with a local family who will feed and house us for the night. We want to thank the family with a gift. What kind of gift and what approximate value would be considered acceptable in this circumstance? Are there any specific expectations or taboos we should be aware of?  On our side, we would prefer it to be somewhat representative of where we live, the SF bay area, but that's not a given. We certainly want it to be tasteful and have some value to them after we leave. 
1423	Which US credit cards have the cheapest foreign transaction fees?	    I'm going to a foreign country from the USA. Which is the best credit card to take along to minimize fees? 
1423	Which US credit cards have the cheapest foreign transaction fees?	    I'm going to a foreign country from the USA. Which is the best credit card to take along to minimize fees? 
1453	What kind of Visa do I need to land on the EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg?	Assuming I'm not a citizen of the European union, and that I have a Schengen Visa with Germany as the main destination, do I need to make any special arrangements to land at this airport?     The airport is operated on an agreement established in 1946 where the   three countries (Switzerland, Germany and France) are granted access   to the airport without any customs or other border restrictions. The   airport's board has 8 members from each France and Switzerland, and   two advisers from Germany[6]      -via Wikipedia: EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg   See also, Wikipedia's Schengen Area:     To obtain a Schengen visa [...]      He or she must first identify which Schengen country is the main   destination. This determines the State responsible for deciding on the   Schengen visa application and therefore the embassy or the consulate   where the traveller will have to lodge the application. If the   main destination cannot be determined, the traveller should file the   visa application at the embassy or consulate of the Schengen country   of first entry  
1475	How to go to Manchester from London?	I will travel to Europe this year. I am planning to visit Manchester Old Trafford on the first day. How can I get to Manchester from London? How long does it take, and how much does it cost (preferably by bus/train). 
1483	Where can I usually find city bikes in Copenhagen?	    I've been in Copenhagen a few times now and only managed to find a bike once, and that was probably by luck. Is there a location where they're more likely to be left than elsewhere?  
1504	Will an Iranian or Kuwaiti visa or stamp in my passport pose a problem on a future visit to Israel?	In this question I learned that entering Kuwait with an Israeli stamp in your passport will be a problem. (Less surprising was that Iran doesn't like them either).  Later during my current trip I am hoping to visit Kuwait via Iran and I certainly intend to visit Israel at some point in the future.  Since these issues are often but not always reciprocal I would like to know if the Kuwait stamp will be a problem when visiting Israel or if they are less fussy than the reverse.  I'm expecting that the Iran stamp will definitely be a problem for an Israel visit but I'd be glad to be proven wrong. 
1565	How safe is Morocco? (2011-2012)	I'm planning a trip to Morocco at the end of this year. Considering the Arab Spring and regular precautions, are there any "official" safety recommendations relevant to travellers from the western world? Have these safety recommendations changed in the recent past?  Has anyone been there recently and have some more information that goes beyond what I find on the web pages of national travel advice? What was your experience, or "gut feeling" regarding safety? 
1573	Good locations in Spain for hiking, nature, architecture, and photo opportunities?	I'm thinking about visiting Spain sometime in September or October.  I'm interested in hiking, nature and historic architecture and am constantly looking for great photo opportunities.  Which parts of the country would be most suitable for me in terms of weather and sights? 
1651	Travel with a baby from Eindhoven to Maasbree in the Netherlands	We are flying from London into Eindhoven in the Netherlands and then traveling to Maasbree (about 40 minutes by car) for the weekend. A friend has arranged for a taxi but we'll have a baby with us and we don't have a car seat. Are there taxis available with car seats? Is there other transport to consider? Would it be possible to borrow or hire a car seat either in the Netherlands or in London? Or is there a better solution? 
1709	Does the Ukraine-Georgia ferry go via Russia and if so must I have a Russian visa even if I don't disembark?	Previously we had a question about ferries between Ukraine and the Republic of Georgia. The answer was that the company UkrFerry has such a route but I'm unsure of the details and the site seems to be mostly in Russian.  What I'm wondering is if the ferry goes via Russia and if so is it possible to travel say from Kerch to Poti without the need to obtain a Russian visa? (Impossible for me anyway since I would have to apply in Australia and I'm already in Europe). 
1709	Does the Ukraine-Georgia ferry go via Russia and if so must I have a Russian visa even if I don't disembark?	Previously we had a question about ferries between Ukraine and the Republic of Georgia. The answer was that the company UkrFerry has such a route but I'm unsure of the details and the site seems to be mostly in Russian.  What I'm wondering is if the ferry goes via Russia and if so is it possible to travel say from Kerch to Poti without the need to obtain a Russian visa? (Impossible for me anyway since I would have to apply in Australia and I'm already in Europe). 
1712	How can I maximize my chances of obtaining a Russian visa outside my home country?	I had been sure from topics here and on other forums that it was not possible for me as an Australian citizen to obtain a visa for the Russian Federation anywhere other than the Russian Embassy in Australia and that many other nationalities could also only apply in their home countries?  But in a comment posted on another question today our user Roflcopter states that they were able to obtain Russian visas as a Lichstenstein citizen in both Switzerland and Germany.  So for once and for all, what is the possibility in reality for an Australian to obtain a Russian visa while not in Australia? Was roflcopter subject to special rules due to their country being especially small or do the rules vary from country to country? Or are there not really rules with everything depending more on luck and how friendly the officials you deal with at any particular Russian embassy or consulate might be?  (In case it makes a difference, I'm in Georgia now.) 
1777	What options are there for a 5-hour layover in Kuala Lumpur?	On a trip between London and Sydney/Brisbane, we have a 4-5 hour stopover (between scheduled departure and arrival) at KL in each direction. We're travelling economy class on Malaysia Airlines.  I would guess that we won't have time to leave the airport; I'd be interested in any information about the sort of facilities we might find to kill a few hours (as well as knowing how long the baggage/immigration etc might take). I wouldn't mind spending a modest amount on lounges, for example, but which ones are good there (and would be convenient for our circumstances)? We are infrequent travellers, so anything subscription based is probably not suitable. 
1827	How to avoid getting motion sickness?	My travel mate has a big problem when we are traveling together. He gets travel sick very fast. Obviously there are medicament which you can take to avoid it, but aren't there any other ways to avoid getting travel sick?  On a boat I know that it is good to focus on a thing that is not moving like to boat, but on the ocean, where you can only see water, it is kind of difficult. On the train you can try to sit in the direction of motion, but this does not always help. In the car it helps to sit in the front, or drive by yourself, but is also not always possible. In a plane I don't know any useful tip.  So my question is, what are useful tricks and tips to avoid getting travel sick in various vehicles, such as planes, trains, ships, cars, coaches or even elephants or camels. 
1468	How do I visit Petra from Israel?	I am going to Israel later in the year and would like to visit Petra while im in the region.  I understand that as an Uk citizen, I need visa but I dont need to apply for one pior to travelling?  Ideally I would like to travel to Petra on a day trip from Israel/Palestine, is that feasible? It seems most people travel all the way to Eilat(but it sounds very touristy) and then up to Petra. Is it possible to get to Petra over the Allenby Bridge?  Are there companies doing one day yours from Israel/Palestine? 
1836	Is there any way of evaluating the quality of a hotel's internet connection in advance?	I'm on the road a lot for work. I tend to end up staying at a lot of budget chain hotels that offer free wi-fi. So far so good. But sadly, not all wi-fi is created equal. The past few weeks I've been subjected to a particularly shameful string of terrible connections, and I've decided to try to take matters into my own hands and research the speed/quality of a given hotels connection ahead of time...  ... only to find that there is absolutely nowhere on the internet that this is discussed at all. I would think that, by now, some enterprising traveller would have created a listing of some sort, which, even if not comprehensive, could be a start. But I'm coming up completely cold.  And so I turn to you Travel.SE: Does this exist? If not, do I have any other options for researching the quality of any given hotels internet other than trying to skim 200 tripadvisor reviews, most of which are probably faked?  
1836	Is there any way of evaluating the quality of a hotel's internet connection in advance?	I'm on the road a lot for work. I tend to end up staying at a lot of budget chain hotels that offer free wi-fi. So far so good. But sadly, not all wi-fi is created equal. The past few weeks I've been subjected to a particularly shameful string of terrible connections, and I've decided to try to take matters into my own hands and research the speed/quality of a given hotels connection ahead of time...  ... only to find that there is absolutely nowhere on the internet that this is discussed at all. I would think that, by now, some enterprising traveller would have created a listing of some sort, which, even if not comprehensive, could be a start. But I'm coming up completely cold.  And so I turn to you Travel.SE: Does this exist? If not, do I have any other options for researching the quality of any given hotels internet other than trying to skim 200 tripadvisor reviews, most of which are probably faked?  
1856	Where in the Balkans is free camping permitted?	This question is a spinoff of the question about wild camping in Europe since none of the answers cover the area where I am now with my tent and sleeping bag (-:  Do any of the following countries in the Balkans allow free camping in the countryside, or maybe limited to certain areas such as beaches or mountains?   Bulgaria Serbia Macedonia (FYROM) Albania Greece  
1340	Where is wild camping possible in Europe?	Are there countries in Europe where wild camping with a tent allowed or at least tolerated? How high is the probability that someone will get angry at you or even call the police?   Please consider only cases where the travellers would be using common sense - not making noise, leaving no trace behind, staying out of sight of roads and houses, etc. In our case, the tent is small and easy to hide (dark green) and we won't need a camp fire. 
1869	How do I ensure I do not pay out money for tickets that are not usable for other reasons?	For the first time I am trying to organise an extended individual journey - 6-10 months and 10-14 countries. Although I am intending to be an independent traveller and organising travel arrangements as I go; I need to sort out tickets and visas for the first part of my journey - by train from Cambridge to Northern China.  All the advice I have found so far recommends purchasing the tickets for the Trans-Mongolian train first, and then applying for the visas. There is no guarantee that I will obtain either the visas I want, nor that I will get them for the duration I want.  What is a suitable approach in purchasing tickets and applying for visas; to ensure that in the event of visas being limited or even refused, the money spent on tickets is not lost. I am not sure if one can obtain refundable tickets, or insurance that covers such a situation, or whether there is some other option.  This question does provide some useful information and advice.  EDIT  Additional information in the light of comments:   I am investigating specialist agencies now. I am primarily concerned with the Chinese visa. My concerns about this visa are to do with duration and remoteness. I would like to be in China for three months (longer if possible). During this time I want (on only one occasion) to visit the TAR. This requires four special permits; can only be done as part as an organised tour; and involves a specific allocated block of time (of up to 21 days). Even when I am not in the TAR, I will be in remote areas where travel, to and from the nearest PSB office that can issue visa extensions, can take three or four days each way. I understand that Chinese tourist visas now are only for 30 days, with an extension possible to another 30 days.    In the circumstances I am not sure I will be able to get the visa and permits I want; and even if I do that I may not be able to get visas to cover the duration of what I want to do.   UPDATE  In the event I was able to get the visa I wanted - a 90 day tourist visa - so the question of refunds on rail tickets did not arise. None of this experience reduced the usefulness of the answers received on this question.  END UPDATE 
1904	What is the price of ferries between Bulgaria and Georgia?	A previous question about Romania and Georgia mentioned that there are ferry connections between Bulgaria and Georgia. Somebody I've met at my new hostel is interested in just a ferry so I dug up that old question to see.  However when I follow through the links I find one company is not running until they can replace one of their ships and the other links to http://www.navbul.com/ which doesn't seem to have any info on their routes let alone their prices and times. For me it only loads in English so I can't try a trick like translating their site from Bulgarian or Russian or anything that might have more information.  Or maybe there's some third party website that has details about navbul's connections?  Is anybody able to find anything I've missed? I don't mind which ports but would prefer to land in Batumi if there is an option. 
1911	Should I change most of my money in my home country or in the destination country?	Where can I get more favourable exchange rate, in general? 
1961	What is the most interesting route from Sofia, Bulgaria to northern Albania?	I'm trying to decide which route to take from Sofia Bulgaria, where I am now, to northern Albania, but I don't really have much idea what specific points of interest are along the way.   I could just head from here to Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, south around Kosovo, to Shkoder etc. I could head straight west into southern Serbia, then continue through Kosovo. I could head straight west into southern Serbia, then north around Kosovo.   I like getting a taste of new countries and have not been to Serbia or Kosovo. Ideally I would like to go right through Albania from north to south (continuing into Greece etc) and would prefer not to enter at some midpoint.  Are there interesting cities, towns, sights, or campgrounds in the part of Serbia I would go through? Or are the options among these types of things better by taking a more southerly route without Serbia?  Is Kosovo interesting enough to be worth the additional hassle of going that way? (I wouldn't go back through Serbia so no problem there)  Is there some particularly good spot I should head for in northern Albania?  I have an Australian passport and don't believe I need a visa for any of these countries. I'm hitchhiking with a basic tent and sleeping bag so I'm not tied to train or bus routes.  But all of that is really details. The basic question is:  Which route from Sofia to northern Albania has the most good stuff along it?  (Normally I would think such question would be officially not in eline with Stack Exchange policy but after seeing some similar do OK here and asking for advice on meta I decided to go ahead and ask this as both a real question and a test question)  UPDATE  I'm currently thinking of going first to Niš, Serbia, which has some hostels, then either into Kosovo or Macedonia. 
102	What is a good hydration system for hiking Kilimanjaro?	I am attempting a summit of Mt. Kilimanjaro (Africa) later in the year. I have most of my gear, however the one thing I am unsure of is the best way to hydrate and store/carry my water.  I am also unsure of purification methods.  I know I am supposed to drink 3 - 5L a day when hiking and my initial thought was to take a 3L camelback and two 1L bottles.  Is this too much?  I am also worried about the water freezing at the higher altitudes, what measures can I take to prevent thi?.  What are experiences other have had Kilimanjaro or not? 
2038	Driving from US to Central America	Is it possible to drive from the US through Mexico to Central America? What route is recommended, and how long would it take? What safety or immigration/customs concerns would you face? 
2024	Where are campgrounds located within Kopaonik National Park, Serbia?	I'm probably going to hitchhike from Niš, Serbia to Kopaonik National Park.  I've done some searching and it seems I can camp there and that there are no fees, but I cannot find any specific points within the park where the camping facilities are located.  Since the park is big and I'll be hitchhiking it could be quite important to know which spots on the map to aim for so I don't get stuck in the wrong part far from any campsite. 
2067	Is it possible to get a train from Georgia to Moscow?	I am thinking of doing a road trip to Georgia, dumping my car there then travelling to Moscow, to continue on the Trans-Siberian to Beijing. Does anyone know if its possible for me to travel over the border either via coach or train or should I re-think my plans? 
2069	Which route did the old Tbilisi-Rostov train route take and is it closed only for political reasons?	This answer to the question about Tbilisi to Moscow mentions a train route that is currently not running between Tbilisi and Rostov.  Where did this route cross the Georgia border and what other cities did it pass through on the way?  Is it closed just because of the current political situation between Georgia and Russia or has it been out of service for a long time and now partly removed etc as are some of the tracks that once connected Yerevan in Armenia? 
2067	Is it possible to get a train from Georgia to Moscow?	I am thinking of doing a road trip to Georgia, dumping my car there then travelling to Moscow, to continue on the Trans-Siberian to Beijing. Does anyone know if its possible for me to travel over the border either via coach or train or should I re-think my plans? 
2070	Looking for tips on how to do the Trans-Siberian on the cheap London to Beijing	Wanting to do this journey in November and looking for any tips that can help from people who have done it. I am not in a rush. Also can the Mongolian and China visa be got on the train at the border? Some say yes some say no. 
2070	Looking for tips on how to do the Trans-Siberian on the cheap London to Beijing	Wanting to do this journey in November and looking for any tips that can help from people who have done it. I am not in a rush. Also can the Mongolian and China visa be got on the train at the border? Some say yes some say no. 
2067	Is it possible to get a train from Georgia to Moscow?	I am thinking of doing a road trip to Georgia, dumping my car there then travelling to Moscow, to continue on the Trans-Siberian to Beijing. Does anyone know if its possible for me to travel over the border either via coach or train or should I re-think my plans? 
2079	Geek stuff to do in Las Vegas	Obviously, the Star Trek Experience would have been a good suggestion. But consider that I'm a science fiction geek, computer programmer, technologist, those kinds of things. What kind of cool stuff along those lines is there in Vegas? 
1497	Are there any repercussions from having an Israeli stamp in my passport?	I have heard people say that having a stamp from Israel in your passport can cause problems when trying to get into other countries.  Is there any truth to this statement? If so, which countries does it create issues with? 
1911	Should I change most of my money in my home country or in the destination country?	Where can I get more favourable exchange rate, in general? 
2310	Which countries, if any, offer on-arrival work visas?	After seeing this question I began wondering - are there countries that say, Aussies or Kiwis (or anyone else) can get a work visa on arrival, or while in the country?  The best I've found is this:  http://www.anyworkanywhere.com/whvchart.html  which indicates availability of working holiday programs, but for several of them (Argentina for example) you are required to apply to Wellington (in my case) before being accepted.  Chile, on the other hand, you can't get one on arrival, but you can apply for one while being a tourist in the country.  So a chart or definitive source of countries where you can basically wander in and start working (legally) would be the ideal answer for this :D 
2328	How to choose a good travel insurance policy?	When looking for travel insurance, there is a dizzying array of companies, policies, plans, restrictions, and conditions. What should a short-term traveler look for in an insurance plan? What things should you watch out for? Are there any companies or plans in particular that are commonly recommended for travelers?  Edit: To make this more specific, I'm looking for a general travel insurance policy for a single traveler in good health traveling for a few weeks to a few months. It should be comprehensive enough to cover basically any medical issue that could arise while traveling in most parts of the world. I know there are hundreds of plans that fit this criteria, so my question is: are there any major aspects that set some plans apart from others, or are they basically all the same? Are there a few companies that are frequently highly recommended for travelers, or is there not much difference between the companies out there? 
2437	Hostel location in Vancouver	I'm eyeing up a property in Burnaby to stay in Vancouver. Is this a suitable area? It claims it's only 15 min by Skytrain to downtown, but often that doesn't mean much - is that really accessible? By London standards it wouldn't be too bad :)  One I stayed in in Helsinki was miles out and a trek to get back to town each time, I'd prefer to avoid that.  Any other cheap suggestions appreciated if it's not suitable. 
2492	What are the best ways to prevent and/or relieve sand fly bites?	Following on from the mosquito repellent question, I would like to ask about another insect which for me is much harder to deal with, sand flies.  Answering a recent question about Honduras brought back vivid memories of being forced to leave a Garifuna village due to our inability to prevent sand flies from attacking us, or to make it bearable in any way. Anything we had with us for dealing with mosquitoes seemed to be useless.  So what does work to keep sand flies away, is it DEET or does something work better for these critters? And if you do get bitten what should you do?  I'm also specifically interested in home remedies. If you didn't pack some modern western chemical and find yourself under siege in a remote location what kind of things do poor local people use to prevent or relieve sand fly bites? 
2492	What are the best ways to prevent and/or relieve sand fly bites?	Following on from the mosquito repellent question, I would like to ask about another insect which for me is much harder to deal with, sand flies.  Answering a recent question about Honduras brought back vivid memories of being forced to leave a Garifuna village due to our inability to prevent sand flies from attacking us, or to make it bearable in any way. Anything we had with us for dealing with mosquitoes seemed to be useless.  So what does work to keep sand flies away, is it DEET or does something work better for these critters? And if you do get bitten what should you do?  I'm also specifically interested in home remedies. If you didn't pack some modern western chemical and find yourself under siege in a remote location what kind of things do poor local people use to prevent or relieve sand fly bites? 
2486	What is the best way to fit the sites I want to see in Rome into two days?	Definition of "best": Cheap, time-efficient, in that order.   I'm going to be in Rome for two full days and I want to hit up the following sites:  Day 1:   Colosseum Pantheon Spanish Steps Roman Forum  Trevi Fountain   Day 2:   Vatican St Peter's Basilica Sistine Chapel   So what I'm looking for advice on is that I want to know the best type of metro/transport pass to purchase (if any), if there are any types of museum pass or whatever that will save money, and what order to see things in on day one (in terms of efficiency).   Thanks. 
2471	Is Honduras good for backpackers?	Is Honduras a good travel location for backpackers? I want to know where I can find good backpacking hostels in Honduras. What are some common backpacking travel cities or towns? I am a solo male traveler and am looking to go to Honduras in November. I will be there for 2 weeks. My budget is around $1000 not counting the airfare. Preferably I would love to stay on an island or beach for a week and then go experience the culture. 
2589	How to prevent "Delhi Belly"?	Montezuma's revenge, Aztec two step, mummy's tummy, or Cairo two-step in Egypt, Kurtz Hurtz in Uzbekistan, Bombay belly or Delhi belly in India.  A case of the sh-- or Hershey Squirts or The McSh-- in North America, Down Under Butt Chunder in Australia, Karachi crouch in Pakistan, Suryavarman's Revenge in Cambodia.  Kabulitis in Afghanistan, holiday tummy in United Kingdom, Bali belly in Bali, or Taghazout Tummy in Taghazout or Kathmandu quickstep in Nepal.  Beaver fever in Canada, Thailand it's Thai-dal wave. Peacekeepers to Arabic-speaking countries have called it yalla yalla (Arabic for "fast, fast").  In Central Asia, it was ridiculous, with every second backpacker walking around with toilet paper on them, regularly having to make a 'run' for it. In Egypt, half my tour group got sick, by the time we'd converted into a mobile pharmacy!  Regardless of what it's called, what's the best way to try and prevent it? 
2628	What should you do if you get arrested in a foreign country?	If a traveller - for whatever reason, is arrested on charges (valid or otherwise), what steps should he/she take to ensure their safety, local and home legal aid and security? How can one make sure your family and country knows about the situation? What if you don't understand the language, or what the charges are? 
2628	What should you do if you get arrested in a foreign country?	If a traveller - for whatever reason, is arrested on charges (valid or otherwise), what steps should he/she take to ensure their safety, local and home legal aid and security? How can one make sure your family and country knows about the situation? What if you don't understand the language, or what the charges are? 
2647	Is it easier and/or cheaper to replace my lost tent in Albania or Greece?	When travel.SE was shiny and new I asked a very similar question which became a point of controversy but in the end it has remained open and thought to be on-topic under the circumstances.  Sadly I left the tent I bought in Bulgaria in the van of some guys I travelled with for a couple of days. Happily it had served me well and wouldn't've been good in rain anyway.  But now I'm in Sarandë, southern Albania and will soon cross Greece to Turkey. Since Greece is less cheap I've been thinking it would be really nice to camp. But I have no idea which country will be better for buying a cheap tent. Last time I got the cheapest one in Carrefour. I don't think Albania has Carrefour and I don't know what chains if any they do have. I also don't know what cheap chains are in Greece. Maybe I can get something cheaper in Albania since it's a cheap country, but maybe the country is too poor for a camping culture and it will be easier to find in Greece? Being the Balkans it's not so easy to get a rational answer about a nearby country when asking a local for advice.  I just want cheap, doesn't have to last more than a few months. No North Face brand name type stuff required.  So Albania or Greece and what shops / stores / markets / chains / malls should I look out for? 
2646	Will I need to take special precautions for spending the winter in Tbilisi, Georgia?	I'm on my way to Tbilisi Georgia where I plan to stay all winter and since I'm from a warm country I'd like to know how cold it will get and whether I will need to invest in some winter clothing and gear.  I'm from Australia but I've travelled a lot with winters in Western Europe, USA, and Canada and I've experienced as low as -40 degrees below zero so I know I can handle it.  But winters vary greatly. I would've expected Georgia to be frozen but I'm told the capital is pretty temperate and every time I asked my friends if there was snow last winter I got the answer "not yet". I think the Caucasus mountains offer a lot of protection.  So how cold can I expect it to get? Is there typically no snow, only bits that melt again, or does it pile up and get icy and slippery? How about wind and rain and humidity? Should I buy special winter clothes or will jeans and a couple of extra layers suffice?  I should add that my budget is very tight so I wouldn't mind a second-hand jacket or coat and I would definitely prefer to buy my winter stuff in Georgia. Does that mean I'd end up with cheap and old but good leather/fur as opposed to expensive and new and good hi-tech western stuff?  There's a similar question about a short visit to western Europe but I don't think my question about a long stay in the Caucasus is a duplicate. 
2675	Are there some bargain accommodations along the land route from the southern tip of Albania to Thessaloniki?	I'm currently in Sarandë, Albania but soon will head for Thessaloniki, Greece by hitchhiking.  I've tried the usual suspects like HostelBookers, HostelWorld, TripAdvisor, and WikiTravel, but none of them are great for finding accommodation along a route rather than at specific locations.  Basically I enjoy travelling on a tight budget and I know where to stay in Thessaloniki but would like to find some bargains along the way to break up the trip. I've become used to Balkan hostel prices. Below 10 euros per night is a bargain, 15 euros or above I might not stay, between is acceptable.  I have a sleeping bag but not a tent though I'm on the lookout for one. I don't mind roughing it. I won't really be able to couch surf since without a phone it's not easy to combine with hitchhiking.  I'll cross the border at Konispol/Sagiada and head for the E90 which will take me to Thessaloniki. Can you suggest some hostel or other non well known spot roughly along the route? 
2675	Are there some bargain accommodations along the land route from the southern tip of Albania to Thessaloniki?	I'm currently in Sarandë, Albania but soon will head for Thessaloniki, Greece by hitchhiking.  I've tried the usual suspects like HostelBookers, HostelWorld, TripAdvisor, and WikiTravel, but none of them are great for finding accommodation along a route rather than at specific locations.  Basically I enjoy travelling on a tight budget and I know where to stay in Thessaloniki but would like to find some bargains along the way to break up the trip. I've become used to Balkan hostel prices. Below 10 euros per night is a bargain, 15 euros or above I might not stay, between is acceptable.  I have a sleeping bag but not a tent though I'm on the lookout for one. I don't mind roughing it. I won't really be able to couch surf since without a phone it's not easy to combine with hitchhiking.  I'll cross the border at Konispol/Sagiada and head for the E90 which will take me to Thessaloniki. Can you suggest some hostel or other non well known spot roughly along the route? 
14	Is it advisable for US citizen to attempt a visit to Cuba w/o going through an agency?	I am aware of travel agencies catering to US citizens visiting Cuba, but are those services really worthwhile? If so, how does one go about vetting them? 
2696	How to plan routes that aren't covered by Google Maps?	For the next summer I'm planning to drive to some countries that aren't covered by the route planning tool of Google Maps. What other possibilities do I have to calculate the route approximately in advance?  Especially, Russia, Eastern Europe and Northern Africa. 
2772	What to wear in Ireland at winter	    I will be in Ireland (Galway) for November and December. What should I wear?  P.S.: Where I live, it never goes below 10&deg;C. 
2779	Does it makes sense to travel to Iceland during winter?	I just saw an amazing offer to fly to Iceland in November. Although Iceland is still on my wish list, November would not be the first choice of time to visit. Is this an offer to just fill empty seats on the flights to Reykjavik, or is Iceland also worth visiting in November? 
2798	What publicly accessible tall structures to take photos from exist in London?	I'm looking for publicly accessible tall structures in London from where I can take photos of the city.  The Monument to the Great Fire of London has pretty good views, and I understand you can get good views from the dome in St Paul's Cathedral. Any other locations? 
2798	What publicly accessible tall structures to take photos from exist in London?	I'm looking for publicly accessible tall structures in London from where I can take photos of the city.  The Monument to the Great Fire of London has pretty good views, and I understand you can get good views from the dome in St Paul's Cathedral. Any other locations? 
2831	What parts of the Central or South Coast of California should I consider when looking for a surfing beach with beachfront hotels?	After asking "What affordable beachfront hotels in or near San Diego should I consider?", it occurred to me I may want to consider other areas of the South Coast or even Central Coast of California.  Where else (other than San Diego) would I find affordable beachfront hotels, with easy access to surfing for beginners? 
2832	How can I get people to speak the local language to me?	I went to Paris 2 years ago. When I was there, I was learning the language by talking and listening to the local people. But, while I was trying to speak French with them, they would speak English to me. I am going back this november. What can I do to get them to speak French? 
2841	How do you prepare for long haul flights?	I'm always feeling a bit unwell during and after long haul flights. I lose my appetite, can't sleep in the plane, food has no taste no matter what. However, I'm pretty sure it's not the flying itself, since I did fly small planes for about 2 years and had fun doing that. I'm also pretty sure it's not the jetlag's fault.  Is there anything I can do to prepare my body for long-haul flights, say Australia-Europe (that's about 2x 12h long flights, and maybe 1-3h stopover in Asia)?  
2779	Does it makes sense to travel to Iceland during winter?	I just saw an amazing offer to fly to Iceland in November. Although Iceland is still on my wish list, November would not be the first choice of time to visit. Is this an offer to just fill empty seats on the flights to Reykjavik, or is Iceland also worth visiting in November? 
2865	Itineraries in South Africa (+/- 2 Weeks)	I plan to travel to South-Africa at the end of this year (last week of December, first week of January). Now I would like to have some advice on some possible itineraries. The trip will take about two weeks. I plan to travel independently. I would like to focus on one region if possible. What we would like to do is to enjoy some scenery that we don't have in Europe, and to see some wild animals.   I have a couple of itineraries in mind:   Panoramic route and the Kruger National Park Saint Lucia, Hluhluwe and maybe Swaziland Cape Town and the Karoo Namaqualand and a dip into southern Namibia   We have already been to Kruger Park, but returning there is not a problem at all. What do you think is the best option? Could you advise on alternative routes and itineraries?  
2878	Leaving airport international zone for a moment	I'm European Union citizen. I have a flight to other continent, with a change in other European country, Schiphol Amsterdam. Am I allowed to leave the "international zone" and go out of airport and then come in again? I'm travelling only with hand luggage. I once heard a technical term for such and extra fee by airplane company. But really, does anyone care and do they let me in again? 
2919	What is an easy way to see what routes are available from a given airport?	I would like to see, at a glance, all the flights to/from a given airport.    Example query: "What cities can I reach on a single flight from Hannover (HAJ) airport?"  Is there any website which does this? 
2927	Is there a routes site that works properly for the Republic of Georgia?	We do have a question about alternatives to Google Maps, but it seems to focus on Eastern Europe and even though Georgia is culturally like Europe it's technically in either Western Asia, the Middle East, or the Caucasus, depending on who's opinion you're listening to.  But regardless of what region it's in, it's really hard to find a web site or service that covers it:   Tomtom just doesn't work there. Bing Maps also doesn't work there. Google Maps knows a couple of roads but gives ridiculous advice like "go through Iran and Armenia to get to Tbilisi from Istanbul!   Where else can I look? Maybe there's some site that specializes in an area around Russia or Asia or the Middle East that works better? 
2930	What's the deepest underwater tour available?	Clearly scuba can only get you so far, and while we've discussed submarine tours in the past, they are just jaunts.    What's the deepest you can actually go as a tourist, and what about if you were somehow able to charter a vessel (like I gather James Cameron is planning on doing)? 
2970	What is the connecting time to consider for International to International Transfers in US Airports?	There is a question on "the minimum time to consider with a connecting flight in the USA". In one answer it is said that "international to domestic transfers are always terrible and should be avoided if at all possible". The author explains afterwards why.   I would like to ask a related question. What is the minimum time you have to allow for an international to international connection in US airports? For instance, flying from Europe into Latin America can imply transiting through an US airport. What are your experiences with these kind of connections? 
2975	Overview of wireless in airports?	This summer I travelled by plane a lot. At some airports there was Internet available, but at many I couldn't find any free Internet access. Is there something like an overview available that lists as many airports as possible and indicates if there is free Internet available at these airports? 
2975	Overview of wireless in airports?	This summer I travelled by plane a lot. At some airports there was Internet available, but at many I couldn't find any free Internet access. Is there something like an overview available that lists as many airports as possible and indicates if there is free Internet available at these airports? 
1665	How to go on a submarine tour?	I know some companies in Hawaii and grand cayman give you 45 min submarine tours for $400    Is there a way to get a more authentic experience, like being on a sub for an entire weekend? Or do you need to have a brother that is an ex-navy seal? 
3025	What is the cheapest way to use data for a Australian (telstra) iphone in the US?	    I'll be travelling to the US soon from Australia, and I was wondering what is the cheapest way to have 3G data in the US using my iPhone which has a Telstra SIM card.  Should I buy a local pre paid SIM, or are there other options available?  Thanks for the help! 
3040	Do I need a visa if I go with a cruise line to St. Petersburg?	Last week I discussed with a friend if it is necessary to get a Russian visa if you travel with a cruise liner to Saint Petersburg in Russia? I think so, but my friend has the opinion that it is not necessary since you're accomondation is not in Russia but on the "international" cruise line. Who is right?  I have to edit my question to clarify something: I'm not asking if I need to care about the visa by myself or if the tour operator does it. I already did that this summer and I know it can be a PITA. I want to know if I need a Visa at all.  
3036	What are the most diverse places to go snorkeling in Hawaii for fish and coral?	I'm thinking Oahu and Big Island specifically, but if you have strong recommendations for snorkeling on other Hawaiian islands, I'll try to make my way over to those ones too!  For me, diversity is what I'm looking for, in fish, coral, etc. If turtles, dolphins, or other larger, less commonly seen animals are often sighted there, that's a plus! 
3054	Can you really get around everywhere with only speaking English?	I had a discussion with a friend on how many language one should learn to be able to be understood worldwide? My estimate would be with around 4-5 languages, but this is a gut feeling which I cannot verify.  My friend was really firm in his statement, that you only need to speak English. It is the global language. According to him, there will be always someone around being sufficient in English. Is he correct, or are there regions where you need to speak another language then English, to travel around.  
3041	How to use sink with separate hot/cold taps?	I just traveled to Ireland. I was amazed to find that water sinks (at home, restaurants and public) have separate taps for hot and cold water.  If you use only the cold water, your hands freeze. If you use only hot water, your hands burn.  How do people use it? Is there tool at plumber shops to mix both of them (for my accommodation)?   
3078	Do EU passenger rights also apply on flights which are operated as a code-share with a non-EU based airline?	I am turning part of my answer on question What rights do passengers have when flights in the USA are delayed?, into a new question.   The EU made very elaborate passengers rights on EU-based airlines. These rights apply as soon as you fly with such an airline, but do the rules still apply if you booked with an EU-based airlines, but the flight is operated under code-sharing with a (non-EU) partner airline?  
3080	OK we're all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet?	OK so for anyone that's travelled beyond North America and Western Europe you know what I'm talking about.  Left: Romania, last year. Right: Turkey, last night.   They start popping up in the Balkans and of course they're everywhere by the time you get to Turkey and become totally unavoidable no matter how patient you are or how long you can hold on when you're anywhere between about India and Japan.  Asian toilets AKA squat toilets - Do you know how to use one if you have to?  Seems simple. There's the grippy bits on the sides and the hole in the middle. I wonder which direction I should face...  So let's give it a try...  Trousers down just like at home...  Squat down like the name says...  But now my trousers seem to be blocking an important thoroughfare! How the hell is this supposed to work??!!  There's no way to keep one's balance in a position where your weight is not over your feet and when your weight is over your feet so are your pesky trousers.  Now I'm pretty sure the locals don't remove their trousers because there's almost never a hook and the floor is often flooded. Exiting with wet trouser cuffs or socks wet from the toilet floor surely can't be socially acceptable!  And I'm completely utterly sure they don't wipe the porcelain and sit down making believe they're in the west because that would be dirty!  Well I'm here to say that after plenty of trips to plenty of countries with plenty of oriental eastern Asian toilets I've used both of these unsatisfactory workarounds but I still want to know one thing...  What on earth is the proper way to use a squat toilet?? 
1340	Where is wild camping possible in Europe?	Are there countries in Europe where wild camping with a tent allowed or at least tolerated? How high is the probability that someone will get angry at you or even call the police?   Please consider only cases where the travellers would be using common sense - not making noise, leaving no trace behind, staying out of sight of roads and houses, etc. In our case, the tent is small and easy to hide (dark green) and we won't need a camp fire. 
2675	Are there some bargain accommodations along the land route from the southern tip of Albania to Thessaloniki?	I'm currently in Sarandë, Albania but soon will head for Thessaloniki, Greece by hitchhiking.  I've tried the usual suspects like HostelBookers, HostelWorld, TripAdvisor, and WikiTravel, but none of them are great for finding accommodation along a route rather than at specific locations.  Basically I enjoy travelling on a tight budget and I know where to stay in Thessaloniki but would like to find some bargains along the way to break up the trip. I've become used to Balkan hostel prices. Below 10 euros per night is a bargain, 15 euros or above I might not stay, between is acceptable.  I have a sleeping bag but not a tent though I'm on the lookout for one. I don't mind roughing it. I won't really be able to couch surf since without a phone it's not easy to combine with hitchhiking.  I'll cross the border at Konispol/Sagiada and head for the E90 which will take me to Thessaloniki. Can you suggest some hostel or other non well known spot roughly along the route? 
3160	WildLife Tourist Destination in France	I came across Sightseeing for family in London and I'm really interested in Richmond Park 's deers. Too bad my stay in London will be quite short.   However I will stay longer in Paris and I would like to know if there is any wildlife fauna tourist destination in France that opens in early December.  I will stay in Paris so I would like to have a place that is reachable from Paris, by train at least. 
2975	Overview of wireless in airports?	This summer I travelled by plane a lot. At some airports there was Internet available, but at many I couldn't find any free Internet access. Is there something like an overview available that lists as many airports as possible and indicates if there is free Internet available at these airports? 
3206	Do Canadian ATMs charge extra fees for cash withdrawals on foreign cards?	Having recently been caught out by most American ATMs charging extra fees on cash withdrawls on cards from different banks (which'll affect all foreign cards), I'm wondering if something similar will affect me up in Canada?  Specifically, do most Canadian ATMs charge extra fees on cash withdrawals on cards not from the ATM owning bank? And if so, are there any banks whose ATMs don't charge these fees, so I can try to use them when withdrawing on my (foreign) card to avoid the charges?  (Having gone to the trouble to find a card that won't itself charge me foreign fees and gives me a good exchange rate, I'm loathe to then have to pay a fee to the ATM operator if I can avoid it!) 
3206	Do Canadian ATMs charge extra fees for cash withdrawals on foreign cards?	Having recently been caught out by most American ATMs charging extra fees on cash withdrawls on cards from different banks (which'll affect all foreign cards), I'm wondering if something similar will affect me up in Canada?  Specifically, do most Canadian ATMs charge extra fees on cash withdrawals on cards not from the ATM owning bank? And if so, are there any banks whose ATMs don't charge these fees, so I can try to use them when withdrawing on my (foreign) card to avoid the charges?  (Having gone to the trouble to find a card that won't itself charge me foreign fees and gives me a good exchange rate, I'm loathe to then have to pay a fee to the ATM operator if I can avoid it!) 
3198	How many countries are there in the world to travel to?	If you've travelled a bit, at some point you'll either have dreamed of or been asked - 'will you visit every country in the world?'.  However, it's not a straightforward goal to aim for...  I've heard much debate on this.  Is Kosovo a country? Not according to the U.N.!  Is Gibraltar a country? Do you separate England, Scotland and Wales?  Is French Guyana a part of France?  Chris Guillebeau, one of the most well known travellers and country counters, has over 160 countries under his belt.  Of course, as you travel you realise it becomes harder and harder to define what IS a country...  bonus:  And so, for the country counters or just those who may have a definitive answer (with references please) - how many countries are there in the world that you would consider you have travelled to, if you'd been to all of them? 
3230	How do I get a free Hostelworld Gold card?	I heard that Hostelworld gives out regularly free Gold Cards. But how can I get such a card? I couldn't find anything one their homepage. 
3261	Why exactly is it so important not to forget my towel when hitchhiking?	As everybody knows,     “A towel ... is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitch hiker can have.”   But what about us terrestrial travellers?  Personally I recently found these unprecedented uses for my towel:   Since the design is an Australian flag, use it to indicate which tent that “hot Australian hitchhiker” is staying in at a Romanian beach. As custom fit pillow &amp; insulation inside my sleeping bag hood that I could manipulate around to cover most of the face opening when the night got too cold, without sacrificing comfort. When pre-cooked Turkish truckstop food led to an embarassing situation and I didn't have a change of trousers, I could accept a ride offered by strangers without dirtying the car seat by sitting on my towel.   What indispensable uses have you discovered for your towel that wouldn't've been so easy to solve without it? 
3260	OFII form in France	I am an American student studying in Dijon for a semester and had a question regarding the OFII form.  I will be in France for the duration of 3 months and 5 days, and I have some other friends studying elsewhere in France who have told me that it's not required by their universities.  I wanted to confirm which is correct, since the OFII form is costly to mail in and I will barely be here for over 3 months.  Am I allowed to fly home without completing the form? 
3278	How can I travel to Japan from mainland Asia by ship?	I'm planning my trans-mongolian/siberian trip and I'll end up in Beijing. I want to know if it's possible to reach Japan without flying (ideally Tokyo).  
3289	Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?	I want to take a flight to Adak island (or a ferry) for the May 2012 solar eclipse.  All the flights from CHI to ADK on alaskaair.com state them as fully booked. This is, most likely, due to many people trying to go see the eclipse? Is there a reason this airport, which Wikipedia's entry for Adak island states is, "unusually sophisticated" might not be offering flights to the island?  Is anyone experienced in navigating the island chain on the South Western coast of Alaska, and can help me find an alternative route there?  p.s., this may be off-topic, but if anyone's interested in putting together a group, visit my profile and send me an email. 
3289	Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?	I want to take a flight to Adak island (or a ferry) for the May 2012 solar eclipse.  All the flights from CHI to ADK on alaskaair.com state them as fully booked. This is, most likely, due to many people trying to go see the eclipse? Is there a reason this airport, which Wikipedia's entry for Adak island states is, "unusually sophisticated" might not be offering flights to the island?  Is anyone experienced in navigating the island chain on the South Western coast of Alaska, and can help me find an alternative route there?  p.s., this may be off-topic, but if anyone's interested in putting together a group, visit my profile and send me an email. 
3289	Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?	I want to take a flight to Adak island (or a ferry) for the May 2012 solar eclipse.  All the flights from CHI to ADK on alaskaair.com state them as fully booked. This is, most likely, due to many people trying to go see the eclipse? Is there a reason this airport, which Wikipedia's entry for Adak island states is, "unusually sophisticated" might not be offering flights to the island?  Is anyone experienced in navigating the island chain on the South Western coast of Alaska, and can help me find an alternative route there?  p.s., this may be off-topic, but if anyone's interested in putting together a group, visit my profile and send me an email. 
3289	Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?	I want to take a flight to Adak island (or a ferry) for the May 2012 solar eclipse.  All the flights from CHI to ADK on alaskaair.com state them as fully booked. This is, most likely, due to many people trying to go see the eclipse? Is there a reason this airport, which Wikipedia's entry for Adak island states is, "unusually sophisticated" might not be offering flights to the island?  Is anyone experienced in navigating the island chain on the South Western coast of Alaska, and can help me find an alternative route there?  p.s., this may be off-topic, but if anyone's interested in putting together a group, visit my profile and send me an email. 
3295	Is it difficult for an Iranian citizen to get a visa to travel to Morocco as a tourist?	Where I am now in Georgia there is a backpacker from Iran who would like to travel to Morocco but thinks it is not possible for Iranian citizens since the countries do not have embassies in each other's territory.  But is this true? I expect it's not easy to look up on the Internet since most information will be in Arabic and/or Persian.  What must he do to obtain a visa etc? 
3278	How can I travel to Japan from mainland Asia by ship?	I'm planning my trans-mongolian/siberian trip and I'll end up in Beijing. I want to know if it's possible to reach Japan without flying (ideally Tokyo).  
3328	Travelling using the Underground (the Tube) in London	    I will stay in London for only 2 days, but will travel using underground train (tube) quite often.  So my questions are:   Should I buy an Oyster card?  What is the minimum deposit of Oyster? How long is the validity of the Oyster card? Is there any card that I can buy that allow me to travel freely for 2 days without any extra charge? (Something like 15 pounds card that will expire within 24 hours, but can be used countless times) Or anybody has any other alternative?   UPDATE : from the link that I duplicated, I found all of the info I needed in http://visitorshop.tfl.gov.uk/ 
2041	London on public transport: what kind of tickets to use?	I'm visiting London for a couple of days, and planning to use public transport while there.   What kind of ticket(s) would it make most sense to use? Do I get the most value out of single tickets, day travelcards, an Oyster card, or something else? (I'm guessing the Oyster card is more geared towards residents of London, but I'm not sure.)  I'd mostly move around in central London (within zone 1) with accommodation being located a little further away (zone 2). Most probably I'd take several trips each day (some of which might be during rush hour).  Bonus question: while I would surely be using the tube the most, are the same tickets generally valid for buses too?  
3325	How to find "night and day" decongestant for a head cold when there's a language barrier?	So I've been in Tbilisi, Georgia for almost a week and the temperature is now dropping below zero Celsius sometimes and I have the dubious honour of being the first in my hostel to contract a head cold.  I need some medicine but I dislike medicine, especially cold medince, and am very particular about what I want. But I have no idea if it's available in this part of the world like it is in Australia, plus there is the language barrier making it hard to explain even to my fellow travellers, let alone in the pharmacy.  I only want decongestant. I do not want cold medicine with other ingredients such as expectorants etc.  I like the kind which is sold in Australia by various companies as "Night and Day" cold and flu medicine, equivalents are readily available including generics. Here are some I can find after lots of internet searching:   Codral Day &amp; Night New Formula Sudafed® PE Sinus Day + Night Relief Demazin PE Day &amp; Night tablets Nyal Cold &amp; Flu Fighter Day &amp; Night Dimetapp Daytime/Nightime   They come in a box with a ratio of 2:1 day tablets to night tablets. The day tablets contain pseudoephedrine or phenylephrine, while the night tablets contain another ingredient which has the welcome side effect of drowsiness.  Is such a product widely available around the world? If not what should I look for instead? And how should I explain what I want to a pharmacist who is likely only to speak Georgian and Russian?  I'm very sure that I only want to medicate the runny/blocked nose symptom. 
3330	Do I have to pay traffic fines issued by foreign governments?	I live in Italy and I own a car registered in Italy as well.  Next year I'm planning a long stay in the US (around 6 months) and I want to bring my car with me.  I was wondering, can I abuse carpool lanes, not pay parking spaces, break the speed limit etc etc with no consequences (while still driving safely ofc)?  If they give me a fine, is it just trash paper or can they somehow force me to pay?  (What I want to avoid is basically going back to the US 20 years from now and getting arrested for that, or something similar) 
3356	How big is "too big" for an airline seat? At what point will you be required to buy two tickets?	As I said in another question, I'm bringing my parents to visit me here in Sweden next year.  My mother is around 280-300 pounds and 5'6" (130-135kg, 1.67m). I am concerned that she might be asked at the airport to buy a second seat. If it's likely I would rather just buy the second seat in advance, because I don't want her to be embarassed/humiliated by some random employee. As well, I won't be there, they will be travelling alone and aren't used to dealing with airports and they won't know what their rights are.  In terms of how it will affect other passengers, it's not important, she will get a window seat and my dad will sit in the middle seat, so I don't see it affecting anybody.   She insists it's fine, "the last time I flew I fit easily!" but that was 20 years ago when she was half the size.   They will be flying BA or SAS, definitely not Ryanair.  So - where is the cutoff? Is a 300 pound 5'6" woman going to be too big to fit in a single airline seat? Or am I worrying about nothing? 
3375	Why do there seem to be no long distance buses in France?	User iHaveacomputer's answer to a question about smoking and EU trains and buses mentions that      in Germany the state-owned railway has a monopoly on long-distance travel.   On my first trip to Europe back in 2001/2002 one of my greatest frustrations was the seeming total lack of long distance buses as a cheaper alternative to trains - but especially in France which unlike Germany's multi-level train system only had really expensive TGV.  So are there long distance buses in France and I just couldn't find them? Or is there an official state monopoly on trains as the only long distance transport? Or is there some other reason that long distance buses don't compete with trains in France?    What am I missing? 
3353	Are all trains/buses within the EU non-smoking? What about smoking on platforms?	No, I'm not a smoker, but some friends coming on a trip with me are, and they want to know what their options are (I suppose some of the 12+ hour journeys we have planned frighten them).  Personally, I hope it's banned everywhere, but you never know.   Let's limit it to the EU and the EEA. We can assume that most places prohibit smoking on the train, so let's hear if there are any exceptions, and which countries forbid smoking in the station (the UK is one, I believe). 
3160	WildLife Tourist Destination in France	I came across Sightseeing for family in London and I'm really interested in Richmond Park 's deers. Too bad my stay in London will be quite short.   However I will stay longer in Paris and I would like to know if there is any wildlife fauna tourist destination in France that opens in early December.  I will stay in Paris so I would like to have a place that is reachable from Paris, by train at least. 
3377	Are there ways to keep long-distance land transport costs down in France when not planning in advance?	Ten years ago I travelled around Europe for the first time and in some countries I was very frustrated by high cost of trains and lack of alternatives to them.  I remember being in Cannes with a friend who had tons of money. I had already spent most of my inheritance despite trying to keep costs as low as possible.  We wanted to do something vaguely like Cannes - Avignon - Lyon - Dijon - Paris (I can't remember exactly any more).  But it seemed that each hop in back-then prices on the TGV was about 50 euro whereas we could go straight to Paris for something like 100 euro.  Furthermore, unlike Germany which I was used to travelling around in by then, there seemed to be no cheaper options for slower trains. I always chose the slowest train because I was never in a hurry and enjoyed the scenery. But in France there was no such option.  In other countries I knew how to travel in, like Australia or Canada or Mexico or would take a long distance bus. But as covered by another question, there don't seem to be any long distance buses in France.  So this lone option of the TGV made it at least double the price and I had already blown some money on trains from Monaco to Nice to Cannes.  We argued and debated and decided it would be worth the gamble to take a train to Marseilles where we expected we would have a lot more options than in Cannes. But when we got there we found it bigger and busier but with the same expensive TGVs and still no other cheaper slower options.  We gave up and just went straight to Paris very grumpy. To this day I have been put off trying to travel around France for the same reason.  So enough whiny anecdotes and on with the actual question: Were we doing it wrong? Are there ways to visit all these places without blowing the budget on TGV tickets? Is there any other mode of long-distance overland travel within France? (No flying please, I want to go on roads or tracks through the countryside.)  Oh and just to make it difficult, I like to travel with no plans. So I can't buy passes or book tickets months ahead and I'm too old for student specials. 
3375	Why do there seem to be no long distance buses in France?	User iHaveacomputer's answer to a question about smoking and EU trains and buses mentions that      in Germany the state-owned railway has a monopoly on long-distance travel.   On my first trip to Europe back in 2001/2002 one of my greatest frustrations was the seeming total lack of long distance buses as a cheaper alternative to trains - but especially in France which unlike Germany's multi-level train system only had really expensive TGV.  So are there long distance buses in France and I just couldn't find them? Or is there an official state monopoly on trains as the only long distance transport? Or is there some other reason that long distance buses don't compete with trains in France?    What am I missing? 
3412	How long can a citizen of Iran stay in Georgia (the country) as a tourist?	I have a friend from Iran here in Tbilisi wondering how long he can stay in the country.  I know from another question here that as an Australian I can stay for 360 days, but that answer contains a list of which countries get that deal, and it does not include Iran.  This implies from my reading of the rest of the linked page on the Georgian government's site that he needs a visa to enter. Yet he assures me he got only a passport stamp at the border when he crossed from Armenia with his Iranian passport.  He even asked at the border how long he could stay and says he was told "as long as you like"!  So are there some different rules for Iranians in Georgia listed somewhere other than on that page? How long can he stay? 
3418	Which countries are "Muslim countries"?	In the question about drinking beer in Dubai it arose that the term "Muslim country" can be seen as one where the laws of the country are affected by the rules of the religion (like Dubai), whereas other countries may be secular countries with overwhelmingly Muslim populations (like Turkey).  So which of the countries that have high Muslim populations are not secular and have laws based on the religion?  (I know this is asking for a list but it's a small, definite, closed set so not "too broad" in the sense possible with many questions.) 
3410	Will I get in trouble if I drink beer in public in Dubai?	As far as I know, Dubai is a Muslim country. And as far as I know, it is forbidden to drink alcohol in Muslim countries. Is this also true for Dubai and tourists?  So as a tourist can I drink alcohol in public? And should I? And are there any special rules during Ramadan? 
193	Overlanding without a Carnet de Passage?	There's a lot of (sometimes contradictory) information to be found around the internet about a Carnet de Passage. The linked Wikipedia article, for instance says that     a Carnet de Passage is required in Burundi, Egypt, Kenya, Libya, Senegal (for vehicles older than 5 years), Southern African Customs Union (BW/NA/LS/SZ/ZA), Sudan, Uganda.   Well, last year, I've been doing some overland traveling with a friend and we drove a 15 year old car without Carnet de Passage (besides through Europe) through Syria, Jordan, Egypt, Sudan and Ethiopia. And I can tell for sure that the only country which was kind of problematic (but not even impossible) to enter without a Carnet was Egypt.  We had to actually buy a local Carnet which was only valid in Egypt and costed us around 500€. All in all it was much cheaper for us to travel without a Carnet as the cash bond of 5000€ (which is the minimum in Europe) was much higher than all the money we spend on the car, including the purchase and all temporary import taxes we had to pay at the different borders (we knew in advance we wouldn't bring the car back home).  From other overlanders we met, we heard that the only countries in the world that are kind of "problematic" concerning a Carnet de Passage are Egypt and Iran.  I've been thoroughly searching for this info before we left, and I could only conclude that the only possibility to know for sure was to just show up at the border and hope for the best.  With this question I would like to gather real-life, hands-on experiences with overlanding without a Carnet de Passage, with the ultimate intent to create a trustworthy reference so future overlanders don't have to hunt around the internet to only find contradictory information and in the end buy themselves a Carnet de Passage while it wasn't really necessary. 
3465	Is all of Afghanistan dangerous for travellers?	Recently I have read a few travel books to get some inspiration for the next long summer journey. I was especially reading Lonely Planet travel guides. I was a little bit surprised that they very often described Afghanistan as a destination. I always thought that there is war. Maybe Lonely Planet isn't as anxious as other travel guides might be, but objectively, what would I have to expect when traveling to Afghanistan? And is it possible at all? 
3465	Is all of Afghanistan dangerous for travellers?	Recently I have read a few travel books to get some inspiration for the next long summer journey. I was especially reading Lonely Planet travel guides. I was a little bit surprised that they very often described Afghanistan as a destination. I always thought that there is war. Maybe Lonely Planet isn't as anxious as other travel guides might be, but objectively, what would I have to expect when traveling to Afghanistan? And is it possible at all? 
3481	Places with cheapest accommodation in Schengen area	A significant part of the costs of traveling is accommodation. In which cities in the Schengen area is it cheapest to find a place to stay?    Please assume a double room. I'm interested in answers both for winter and summer.  This is in fact a practical question: I stayed in Malta in a very decent 11 euro double room (studio) in winter, and the country was well worth visiting at this time. This made me think about how to choose a travel destination --- the ho(s)tel price might make the difference between staying for 3 days or a whole week. 
2841	How do you prepare for long haul flights?	I'm always feeling a bit unwell during and after long haul flights. I lose my appetite, can't sleep in the plane, food has no taste no matter what. However, I'm pretty sure it's not the flying itself, since I did fly small planes for about 2 years and had fun doing that. I'm also pretty sure it's not the jetlag's fault.  Is there anything I can do to prepare my body for long-haul flights, say Australia-Europe (that's about 2x 12h long flights, and maybe 1-3h stopover in Asia)?  
1014	How can I avoid or minimize jet lag?	From my personal anecdotal experience, I've found it worse when travelling east around the globe.  I also tend to stay awake most if not all of the flight, so sleeping time doesn't tend to matter as the flights from London to NZ are minimum 28 hours.  Shorter flights you can arrange around daylight hours to reduce this, but otherwise, there must be better strategies to help out with.  UPDATE:  So I was fine despite nearly 48 hours of non-sleep from Mongolia to London, up the next 3 days at 8am to do stuff. However, the second week has been awful, sleepless nights and erratic sleepiness. Any theories?  Also see: How do you prepare for long haul flights? 
3488	Is it more expensive to buy airline tickets together than separate?	I'm looking for tickets in despegar.com (a travel website for the American continent) and found out that a flight for just one person was about USD $350 incluiding all taxes, and I did the exact same search but instead of 1 person I chose 2 and the price for both tickets was USD $1200 (USD $600 each).  I thought this could be an error in the website, so I tried diferent dates and destinations getting the similar results.  Therefore I'm wondering if it is cheaper to buy airline tickets separately?   PS: The market price for the ticket I mentioned in the above example is about USD $600, so I'd love to take advantage of the USD $350 deal, but I'm afraid I might not find another ticket for my partner in the same flight. 
3515	Travelling with two different passports	I was just wondering if you have two passports (a Chinese one and an Australian one), and you booked your airline ticket with the Chinese one, will you have to show both of your passports or just one?  The thing is, on my Chinese passport, it has my birth name, but then when I became an Australian citizen, I legally removed my Chinese name and replaced it with my English name. So I don't know whether I should just show the passport officials the one that I booked the airline ticket with. 
3505	Cell phones in South Korea	What is the best way to get smart phone access when travelling a few days in South Korea? I am mostly interested in getting cheap data access (google maps...). 
3490	Cell phones in Japan	What are the options for getting a smart phone up and running when travelling for a couple of weeks in Japan?  
3535	Exchanging Albanian money into euros outside Albania	I found a small amount of Albanian lekë (can you say "leks" in English?) in my wallet from last summer's visit there. Is there any place in Helsinki where I can change those back into euros? Forex, at least, doesn't list the currency on their website.     Or, indeed, is there any place outside Albania where you can change lekë? I noticed a comment by Hippietrail saying that     I heard that Macedonian denar and Albanian lek are inconvertible   currencies [...]   Is this true? Any source for this info? 
3532	What is a safe overland route from Europe to India using public transport?	The traditional Hippie trail included Afghanistan and Pakistan which most people now consider unsafe to travel through.  Even if one would decide to go through Pakistan, is it possible to get to the Iranian-Pakistani border and beyond with public transport? How about crossing from Pakistan into India, I have heard mixed stories about this.  Seat 61 only proposes a route through Iran and Pakistan, with interrogations as to whether this route is currently feasible.  If Pakistan is out, one can move on from Iran into Turkmenistan and through several other of the “Stans” to get into China and then through Nepal into India. Has anybody done this recently? Should one even think about doing this in winter time?  What about going through Russia into China or taking a boat to India? 
3535	Exchanging Albanian money into euros outside Albania	I found a small amount of Albanian lekë (can you say "leks" in English?) in my wallet from last summer's visit there. Is there any place in Helsinki where I can change those back into euros? Forex, at least, doesn't list the currency on their website.     Or, indeed, is there any place outside Albania where you can change lekë? I noticed a comment by Hippietrail saying that     I heard that Macedonian denar and Albanian lek are inconvertible   currencies [...]   Is this true? Any source for this info? 
3560	What is the LEAST visited country by tourists?	There's always lists on the most popular countries.  But in my travels, I've found going against the grain has been super rewarding - places like Chernobyl, in Ukraine, or the desert of Uzbekistan or the mountains of Tajikistan have been some of my travelling highlights.  Then reading a mostly fluff piece on the least visited places in the world made me wonder - and I'll need statistics to back this up please, which country has the fewest TOURISTS (that's people from other countries coming to this country for tourism) every year?  Three caveats:   Antarctica is not a country (for the purpose of this) All the soldiers entering Iraq / Afghanistan do not count as tourists since countries come and go, ideally this would simply be the most recent statistics we can find, which is likely to be '2011' statistics.  
3576	'One laptop per child'- like organisations?	One laptop per child (OLPC) is an organisation which brings laptops and technology to poor regions of this world and educates the people to use those tools.   As a computer scientist and passionate traveler, I seek a way to promote equal chances to everyone and support those in need.  But right now I fall short of organisations who act like OLPC, so my question is if you know another, similar organisation?   Or any way to travel while working as a computer person.  I know traveling and working as an English teacher is fairly straight forward, so I wondered if someone had any travel/work tips for me?   The last this world needs is another business app programmer..   
3576	'One laptop per child'- like organisations?	One laptop per child (OLPC) is an organisation which brings laptops and technology to poor regions of this world and educates the people to use those tools.   As a computer scientist and passionate traveler, I seek a way to promote equal chances to everyone and support those in need.  But right now I fall short of organisations who act like OLPC, so my question is if you know another, similar organisation?   Or any way to travel while working as a computer person.  I know traveling and working as an English teacher is fairly straight forward, so I wondered if someone had any travel/work tips for me?   The last this world needs is another business app programmer..   
3592	Getting from the Frankfurt-Hahn airport to Saarbrücken (Germany)	I posted a question (Driving into Germany over Easter weekend) about getting to Saarbrücken for a demoscene party and it looks like flying might actually be the cheapest option. I can get to Frankfurt-Hahn airport (HHN) for £92 return from London, but it's about 100km away from Saarbrücken.  I'm pretty sure I can get a train or bus, but I'd much rather use a train due to the chronic motion-sickness I tend to suffer on buses. And yes, I've tried pretty much every trick and medication in the book, but that's another story.  Are there any direct(-ish) trains from Frankfurt-Hahn to Saarbrücken, and how much are they likely to cost?  Any other tips for travelling on trains in Germany are welcome too. I shouldn't have too much trouble with the language though - my conversational German is pretty poor, but I can ask for directions to most things and understand simple responses (at about the "erste straße rechts" level, at least). 
3589	Driving into Germany over Easter weekend	There's a Demoscene party (Revision) that occurs every year on the Easter weekend in Saarbrücken (Germany), and I'm thinking of attending this year. I live in England and am looking into methods of transport for getting there.  It looks like plane tickets are going to be extortionate as usual (£350+ return per person) so I'm thinking of driving instead. Since there's two of us (perhaps three, depending) we can split the fuel costs and it should be enough to cut the cost down. I'm planning on taking the channel tunnel to Calais, then driving up into Belgium, just round the edge of Luxembourg (not actually crossing the border), then down into Germany. Google maps says it's 9 hours, so I'm guessing it'll probably end up being around 12 hours total.  I've never driven in another country before and am looking for tips as to how to remain comfortable, safe and save money.  Here's my list so far:   Bring spare food, drink, clothes and blankets. Fully stocked first-aid kit, flashlight, spare batteries, plasters, medical insurance cards, etc. Plenty of tools and spares for the car (including spare tyre and a jack) Take maps as well as sat-nav (low battery = lost!) Phrase books. Secondary phone left switched off but fully charged, for emergencies.   I'm also unsure as to the situation with border fees and car insurance / breakdown cover. Will I need to inform the authorities of each country that I'll be driving through, and get appropriate documents? Or is it just a case of being covered automatically in the EU? 
3674	Marco Polo Airport Transfer from Venice	    How can I go from Venice central train station to Marco Polo airport? What is the cheapest way? What is the fastest way? 
3677	Joining the Mile High Club (MHC) - Can I get into trouble?	The same friend I already mentioned in this question, has an additional travel question. Recently, he read a lot about the Mile High Club (MHC). Wikipedia defines the mile high club as people who had sex on an air travel vehicle during a flight. Ideally it should be above 1 nautical mile (1852 meters). Could I get into trouble if I do this on a regular plane? For example, can I get arrested? Or banned from flying with this airline? Or flying at all? 
3640	Is it recommended to get vaccinations before visiting India?	I'll be travelling to India soon.  I'm not sure if I'll have to time to get vaccinated since it usually takes 2 weeks to kick in.  Lonely Planet suggests a bunch of vaccinations.  Have any of you guys been travelling to India without any form of vaccinations lately? 
3727	How does the scuba diving compare between Coffs Harbour and Byron Bay?	As part of my idea for taking the train from Sydney to Brisbane, and stopping on the way, I'm thinking of stopping off in one of Coffs Harbour or Byron Bay. I'd probably pause for a couple of days, and ideally I'd like to do 2-4 dives (probably a two tank dive, one or two days running)  I've read that both places have good diving, but what I'm not sure on is how do they compare? Does it tend to be cheaper in one than the other? Is there a wider choice of dive sites at one? Do you tend to visit a wider choice of sites at one (important if I'm to do two days of diving)? Is one more affected by weather / tides? Does one have a better variety of fish to see? How about sharks? (The kind you swim with, rather than the kind that eat you!) How do the typical times from dive shop to dive site compare?  In case it affects things, I'm a (advanced) qualified diver, but I won't have much kit with me (as alas my luggage allowance flying in is quite low...) 
3748	Flying with a desktop computer (as checked luggage)	On an upcoming trip, I will be taking a desktop computer and monitor as checked luggage (on a United/Continental flight). What should I be aware of when doing this? What needs to be done to properly protect all the components? Are there any airline policies I should be aware of? 
3796	Where in Thailand should I be cautious about malaria?	We have found a magnificent offer to go with our children to Thailand. It is a two week holiday starting in Bangkok going south ending at a beach resort. It all looks very promising.   A friend who is a doctor advised us against going to Thailand with young children given the existence of malarial strains resistant to treatment. From own experience I know that in most countries malaria does not exist in coastal areas.   Does anyone know where in Thailand it is safe to travel with young children with regards to malaria? 
3796	Where in Thailand should I be cautious about malaria?	We have found a magnificent offer to go with our children to Thailand. It is a two week holiday starting in Bangkok going south ending at a beach resort. It all looks very promising.   A friend who is a doctor advised us against going to Thailand with young children given the existence of malarial strains resistant to treatment. From own experience I know that in most countries malaria does not exist in coastal areas.   Does anyone know where in Thailand it is safe to travel with young children with regards to malaria? 
3802	How to pay Chinese customs duties?	    Based on the answers to Bringing items into China for a friend - what to expect at customs?, it looks like I will have to pay customs duties on a couple of items that I am taking with me to China.  Having never had to deal with this before, I'm not certain what to expect:   What is the Chinese duty tax rate for US citizens? Can I pay the duty tax in US Dollars or with a credit card, or will I need to acquire Renminbi before I arrive?  
3826	Best Time for Visiting the Curonian Spit	I am interested in visiting the Curonian Spit, possibly with a sidetrip to Kaliningrad. Now I would like to know the best time of the year to do so. I would like to avoid the crowds of the high and peak seasons. On the other hand, I would like to avoid the dead season (if there is one) as well, when most of the restaurants, shops and attraction are likely to be closed. Also note that I do not care about temperature.  
3804	Curonian Spit and Kaliningrad	The Curonian Spit is one of the places I would like to visit. As an EU citizen, the obvious approach is to focus on the Lithuanian side.   Nevertheless, I wonder if it is worthwhile to pay a visit to the Russian side of the spit in particular and to Kaliningrad in general. Is it worth incurring the additional hassle, such as e.g. obtaining a Russian visa? If yes, how much time would you allow? Is it something that could be done on a day trip from Lithuania or is it better to spend a couple of days in the Kaliningrad oblast? 
3838	Are there companies that offer worldwide wifi roaming for a fixed fee?	I am aware of the following related question: Overview of wireless in airports. If it is free it would be nice, but I am willing to pay for my Internet access at airports/hotels. The only problem is that it is often a hassle to get access at these accesspoints. I don't like adding cc details to website when I am at a terminal building of an airport.  Since I am a big fan of FON, where you share Internet access with fellow members worldwide, I am wondering if there is such "roaming" service for wifi access. At many airports you see that they offer access to partners.   So, my question is, if there is a company which offers worldwide wifi roaming services for a fixed fee? 
3874	How can I buy train tickets within the UK from abroad?	Is there a machine pick up system like in other countries? Will it take foreign credit cards (Mastercard or Visa of course)? If so, in what locations are these accessible?   Otherwise, how can I get them mailed to me abroad (Sweden) in the most efficient way? I want to book tickets for 5 people in advance, for 6-7 seperate rail journeys. Since it will be quite a lot of tickets to keep track of, I want the simplest method possible of obtaining them to avoid the risk of losing them. 
3893	How to cope with dry hands and cracking skin when travelling in cold locations?	So I'm from a pretty warm country, Australia but now I've spent my first month in cold Tbilisi Georgia and I lack the local know-how and intuition of how to cope with some aspects of cold winters. I asked a general question about dealing with winter here before I arrived, but now that I'm here I have some more specific concerns:  It has been getting only as low as -3°C or 26°F which seems to be the typical minimum temperatures for December and January here. It's snowed a few times but it's mostly dry and so far it hasn't been very windy. For instance I'm doing fine without a proper winter coat/jacket for now.  I assume in my ignorance that the combination of cold, dryness, and putting my hands in and out of my pockets a lot is the reason I've now got rough sore skin on the backs of my hands, occasionally splitting and bleeding.  So will hand cream / moisturiser fix this, and if so, aloe vera, lanolin, what works best?  Or is it that I should have winter gloves? If so, what kind? I remember my father used to get cracked skin on his hands from wearing gloves with an fluffy but absorbent lining so I'm worried I might buy the wrong kind and make things worse.  I'm not sure whether I should get synthetic or natural fibre, or blended; lined or not and what kind of lining, how tight or coarse the stitching should be, etc. I'm really totally ignorant.  I do have some srong preferences. I'm on a really tight budget and whenever possible I prefer to live as the locals do. I'm in a poor country where most people can't afford hi tech things such as gore tex. I also can't afford them and want to do it the local way in any case.  15 years ago I spent a much colder winter in Canada and had the same problem. I bought cheap modern synthetic gloves but they didn't keep my fingers as warm as making fists and keeping my hands in my pockets, and I did use hand cream but after a couple of months it got so bad I gave up and moved to a warmer country. This time I don't want to give up (or have bleeding hands). 
3888	Top destinations in Southern Laos and how to get there from Cambodia?	I'm travelling in Cambodia and would like to Visit Laos for a portion of my trip.  What are the top destinations in the southern region of Laos and what is the best way to get there from Cambodia?  I understand that a lot is happening up in the northern part of Laos (capital city) but I'd like to hear what there is in the southern region bordering Cambodia because I do not want to spend days on a bus. 
3888	Top destinations in Southern Laos and how to get there from Cambodia?	I'm travelling in Cambodia and would like to Visit Laos for a portion of my trip.  What are the top destinations in the southern region of Laos and what is the best way to get there from Cambodia?  I understand that a lot is happening up in the northern part of Laos (capital city) but I'd like to hear what there is in the southern region bordering Cambodia because I do not want to spend days on a bus. 
2643	Winter apparel for Europe (November-December)	I'm planning to go to Europe from 24 Nov - 5 Dec 2011  Since I come from tropical country, I really don't have any idea what should I wear during a winter.  I have checked the temperature for the same date but from last year (based on http://weather.uk.msn.com/monthly_averages.aspx)   London : 8 - 11 Celcius ( 46-51 Farenheit)  Amsterdam : 5 - 9 Celcius (41-48 Farenheit)   Munich : 1-6 Celcius (34-42 Farenheit)  Lucerne : -3 - 0 Celcius (26-32 Farenheit)  France : 4-8 Celcius (39-46 Farenheit)   What do I need to wear for these kind of temperature?   One more question : Is this jacket enough or I should put more layer below this?  http://www.google-store.com/product_info.php?products_id=1182 
3893	How to cope with dry hands and cracking skin when travelling in cold locations?	So I'm from a pretty warm country, Australia but now I've spent my first month in cold Tbilisi Georgia and I lack the local know-how and intuition of how to cope with some aspects of cold winters. I asked a general question about dealing with winter here before I arrived, but now that I'm here I have some more specific concerns:  It has been getting only as low as -3°C or 26°F which seems to be the typical minimum temperatures for December and January here. It's snowed a few times but it's mostly dry and so far it hasn't been very windy. For instance I'm doing fine without a proper winter coat/jacket for now.  I assume in my ignorance that the combination of cold, dryness, and putting my hands in and out of my pockets a lot is the reason I've now got rough sore skin on the backs of my hands, occasionally splitting and bleeding.  So will hand cream / moisturiser fix this, and if so, aloe vera, lanolin, what works best?  Or is it that I should have winter gloves? If so, what kind? I remember my father used to get cracked skin on his hands from wearing gloves with an fluffy but absorbent lining so I'm worried I might buy the wrong kind and make things worse.  I'm not sure whether I should get synthetic or natural fibre, or blended; lined or not and what kind of lining, how tight or coarse the stitching should be, etc. I'm really totally ignorant.  I do have some srong preferences. I'm on a really tight budget and whenever possible I prefer to live as the locals do. I'm in a poor country where most people can't afford hi tech things such as gore tex. I also can't afford them and want to do it the local way in any case.  15 years ago I spent a much colder winter in Canada and had the same problem. I bought cheap modern synthetic gloves but they didn't keep my fingers as warm as making fists and keeping my hands in my pockets, and I did use hand cream but after a couple of months it got so bad I gave up and moved to a warmer country. This time I don't want to give up (or have bleeding hands). 
3887	Do I need a Visa to travel into Laos from Cambodia?	I'm a Canadian citizen and will be travelling in Cambodia for 2 weeks with plans to visit Laos.  Do I need a Visa to pass from Cambodia into Laos?  And then back into Cambodia? 
3888	Top destinations in Southern Laos and how to get there from Cambodia?	I'm travelling in Cambodia and would like to Visit Laos for a portion of my trip.  What are the top destinations in the southern region of Laos and what is the best way to get there from Cambodia?  I understand that a lot is happening up in the northern part of Laos (capital city) but I'd like to hear what there is in the southern region bordering Cambodia because I do not want to spend days on a bus. 
3948	Central Asia in 2012: Tajikistan or Kyrgyzstan?	The other day, Lonely Planet published an article on the Top 10 best value destinations for 2012. One of the destinations which lured my attention is Tajikistan. According to LP, one of Tajikistan's assets is the scenery. This makes me think about Kyrgyzstan, one of its neighbours.  Suppose that I would like to discover Central Asia. In how far, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan are competitors or to put it differently, suppose that I would like to go to Central Asia, which one of these two countries should I pick? The answer should take into account the following points:   Interest regarding scenery and culture Budget Ease of reaching the country from Europe (Germany, France, Netherlands or Belgium) by air.  Tourist infrastructure The possibility to travel independently The ease of entering the country (visa procedures) Safety concerns  
3948	Central Asia in 2012: Tajikistan or Kyrgyzstan?	The other day, Lonely Planet published an article on the Top 10 best value destinations for 2012. One of the destinations which lured my attention is Tajikistan. According to LP, one of Tajikistan's assets is the scenery. This makes me think about Kyrgyzstan, one of its neighbours.  Suppose that I would like to discover Central Asia. In how far, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan are competitors or to put it differently, suppose that I would like to go to Central Asia, which one of these two countries should I pick? The answer should take into account the following points:   Interest regarding scenery and culture Budget Ease of reaching the country from Europe (Germany, France, Netherlands or Belgium) by air.  Tourist infrastructure The possibility to travel independently The ease of entering the country (visa procedures) Safety concerns  
3983	Packing a cardbox box as checked luggage	As mentioned in another question, I'm planning on traveling with a desktop computer as checked baggage. After considering the options, I've decided to take it in its original cardboard box (used for shipping), making sure to pad everything inside very well.  What should I do to securely prepare the box before checking it in? Some suggestions others have given me so far:   Spray paint the box black so it's not obvious there's a computer inside. Wrap the entire box with duct tape to reinforce it. Use tape to seal the "hand holes" on either side used for carrying the box. Run packing tape around all the edges to reinforce the box. Write "FRAGILE" on multiple sides of the box.  
3991	How can I contact the Visa Card office from Georgia? (The country in the Caucasus)	It seems I lost my wallet last night.  So it's time to cancel my cards but I'm on the other side of the world.  In my experience in the hospitality industry and having lost Visa cards twice before while abroad, I have learned that reporting your card lost directly to Visa results in much smoother and more efficient help than reporting your card to your bank.  Now the country I'm in doesn't have a Visa Card office. Visa's website has a page of general help and a page with free phone numbers for many countries.  Here's the catch. Since they are all toll free numbers and they are all in other countries I can't call them from here!  Now they do have another number I can call reverse charges from anywhere in the world, but my Georgian friends have never even heard of this concept and don't know how to make such a call.  So how can I report my Visa card stolen when I'm in Georgia?   Is there a way to call say the toll free number in Turkey? Is there some other list of phone numbers which are not toll free? How can I make a reverse charge call from Georgia?   The answer to any of those will answer my overall question.  (I ended up calling my Australian bank via Skype but I would still like to know the answer in case it happens to anybody else.) 
3927	Is it cheaper to get to Cuba from Miami or Cancún?	If I'm in Miami, what is the cheapest way to get to Cuba? Also, if I'm in Cancún what's the cheapest way to get to Cuba? 
4060	Inspection of over-packed bags	On the TSA website, their "tips for packing your checked baggage" twice emphasizes that you shouldn't over-pack your bags:     Avoid over packing your bag so that the screener will be able to easily reseal your bag if it is opened for inspection.  If possible, spread your contents over several bags.  Check with your airline or travel agent for maximum weight limitations.   and     Avoid over packing so that your articles don't spill out if your bag is opened for inspection.   How common is it for baggage inspectors in the US to open bags and rummage around deep inside? What happens if you have a bag packed to bursting and they're not able to easily close it after inspection? 
4091	What are the wild camping regulations in Iceland?	I've read here that "in Iceland you are allowed to do this by law as long as you stay away from houses and use common sense like you say". Wild camping in Iceland is one of my ideas for the next summer. The question is what does it means "stay away from houses"? And what should be understand as "common sense"? For instance, if I rent a car to move along the island, may I stop at the side of the route with the car and camp? Of course, I'm not talking about the Ring Road. I'm thinking in secondary trails. 
4068	Do our Indian flights go to Bangkok?	I am travelling on an international flight for the first time. I am staying in New Delhi and would like to travel to Bangkok.   Do Indian flights go to Bangkok? And how or where will I get the timings? Can I book this myself or do I need to use an Agent? 
4061	Travel health insurance that counts as "credible coverage"	I am taking a long-term international trip of around 11 months. I am quitting my job, and so will lose my health insurance.  I am looking at different travel health insurance plans such as World Nomads and HTH. I will likely not have any domestic health coverage.  My concern is that when I return from the trip, whether or not US Insurers will recognize my travel health insurance as "credible coverage" and not as a gap in insurance (for which I could be excluded from coverage for certain conditions by a future insurer under U.S. law)  Does anyone have experience with this, returning from a long-term trip and trying to get insured?  UPDATE:  After researching World Nomads, IMG Global, and HTH Worldwide, I ended up selecting the highest possible deductible ($25,000) plan with HTH. This gave me a global health insurance plan (incl. USA) that cost about the same as the World Nomads plan, but without any of the additional travel coverages like trip cancellation, interruption, baggage coverage, etc. This plan counts as "creditable coverage" by US standards and is the least expensive plan I could find if your goal is just maintaining "creditable coverage". 
3983	Packing a cardbox box as checked luggage	As mentioned in another question, I'm planning on traveling with a desktop computer as checked baggage. After considering the options, I've decided to take it in its original cardboard box (used for shipping), making sure to pad everything inside very well.  What should I do to securely prepare the box before checking it in? Some suggestions others have given me so far:   Spray paint the box black so it's not obvious there's a computer inside. Wrap the entire box with duct tape to reinforce it. Use tape to seal the "hand holes" on either side used for carrying the box. Run packing tape around all the edges to reinforce the box. Write "FRAGILE" on multiple sides of the box.  
4096	Is it safe to drive in Morocco if you don't understand Arabic?	Because of the risk of malaria in Thailand we are now considering going to Morocco. I have read some interesting journeys by car in this country. When I searched on Google image for "traffic signs morocco". There appear to be quite some Arabic traffic signs. This make me wonder if it is a safe to rent a car in Morocco while I don't understand Arabic.   
4111	Is it possible to camp in Russia on a tourist visa?	I'm interested in crossing the border from Norway to Russia at Storskog, via car. We thought about driving to Murmansk or even not so far - Zapolyarny for instance.   We will have a tent with us and ideally we'd like to camp. I'm pretty sure that there's no "freedom to roam" in Russia i.e. we can't just camp anywhere we'd like.   I'd like to find a campsite where we pay some money and camp there and have access to some facilities.  However, I'm not sure if we'll be able to plan in advance where we're going to stay.  When you apply for a Russian visa it seems as though you have to list a hotel or a person you will be staying with. Is there any way to get a visa without having an exact prior plan for where you will be staying? And if so, is a campsite considered an acceptable place of residence to list?  
4111	Is it possible to camp in Russia on a tourist visa?	I'm interested in crossing the border from Norway to Russia at Storskog, via car. We thought about driving to Murmansk or even not so far - Zapolyarny for instance.   We will have a tent with us and ideally we'd like to camp. I'm pretty sure that there's no "freedom to roam" in Russia i.e. we can't just camp anywhere we'd like.   I'd like to find a campsite where we pay some money and camp there and have access to some facilities.  However, I'm not sure if we'll be able to plan in advance where we're going to stay.  When you apply for a Russian visa it seems as though you have to list a hotel or a person you will be staying with. Is there any way to get a visa without having an exact prior plan for where you will be staying? And if so, is a campsite considered an acceptable place of residence to list?  
4111	Is it possible to camp in Russia on a tourist visa?	I'm interested in crossing the border from Norway to Russia at Storskog, via car. We thought about driving to Murmansk or even not so far - Zapolyarny for instance.   We will have a tent with us and ideally we'd like to camp. I'm pretty sure that there's no "freedom to roam" in Russia i.e. we can't just camp anywhere we'd like.   I'd like to find a campsite where we pay some money and camp there and have access to some facilities.  However, I'm not sure if we'll be able to plan in advance where we're going to stay.  When you apply for a Russian visa it seems as though you have to list a hotel or a person you will be staying with. Is there any way to get a visa without having an exact prior plan for where you will be staying? And if so, is a campsite considered an acceptable place of residence to list?  
4098	100 Years Since South Pole Expedition - How to reach it as a tourist?	It's been 100 years since humans first reached the South Pole.  According to the International Association of Antarctica Tour Operators, about 30,000 people visit the continent of Antarctica annually.  However, only a fraction make it to the pole.    Is there a "frugal traveller" means of reaching the South Pole?  What options exist?  Do you need a team or can you join a group tour?  How much time needs to be allocated for a round-trip there? 
4127	Visit a volcano in Ecuador	There are many volcanoes in Ecuador. I would like to visit one of these, but which one to choose? I would prefer one that can be reached in a 2-3 day tour from a nearby major city. Do I need any special permit? Or is it necessary to do it in a guided tour? Are there any volcanes that I can visit on my own? 
3983	Packing a cardbox box as checked luggage	As mentioned in another question, I'm planning on traveling with a desktop computer as checked baggage. After considering the options, I've decided to take it in its original cardboard box (used for shipping), making sure to pad everything inside very well.  What should I do to securely prepare the box before checking it in? Some suggestions others have given me so far:   Spray paint the box black so it's not obvious there's a computer inside. Wrap the entire box with duct tape to reinforce it. Use tape to seal the "hand holes" on either side used for carrying the box. Run packing tape around all the edges to reinforce the box. Write "FRAGILE" on multiple sides of the box.  
4186	Eurotrip - temporary job for 1 year	    September next year my fiancée is going to UK for 1 year to study English. I can't accompany her with such an investment, but I could if I can find a temporary job. Ideally I'd go learn French in France by self studying, but unfortunately life in this world ain't so simple.   Worst case scenario, I'd go to some place like Germany or Netherlands where I can pay a very cheap English (or hopefully French) course to get the visa to stay in Europe for 1 year (since as a Brazilian I can stay only 3 months as a tourist). We'd stay 6 months or so, meet some weekends and get together somewhere else later for traveling around Europe. That part is easy.  So, any pointers? Can this even be done? Is there any country in Europe I can get such a hassle free temporary work visa? Should I just stay home and visit her later for 3 months? That last option will certainly be doable at least. 
4196	Do self-contained luxury resorts exist in the desert in North Africa or the Middle East?	I want to take my two elderly parents on a once-in-a-lifetime trip abroad. They have never left the UK in the past so it's very important that wherever we visit feels very different from the UK in terms of climate and language. I picked North Africa/the Middle East because it's not too far away.   The perfect resort would be somewhere in the desert, completely self-contained, we should have no need to leave it if we don't want to. Maybe somewhere in the Sahara?  A Four Seasons or the like would not do, not only because they are usually not resorts, but because they are generally too stuffy with their dress codes. My parents like to dress very "casual". I don't want the place to be overly stuffy or upper-class in atmosphere.  I thought about amanresorts but the closest one they have is in Turkey, and it's not at all in the desert :P  
4170	Should I book Thailand Rail tickets online (pre-trip) or at the station when I arrive?	I plan on taking the Thailand rail system between Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Phuket (particularly the overnight trains), and Siem Reap.  Is it safe to book these tickets ahead of time through their website "E-SRT / ThaiRailTicket.com"? Or should I book the tickets when I arrive at the station in Thailand? 
4213	Last minute flight bookings - better to book online or at the airport?	We had a question here earlier on booking flight tickets in the weeks running up to holiday season, which covered ground on what happens to flight prices over the period.  What I'm interested to know is if I had to fly out at short notice, say within 1-2 days, then am I better off booking within that 1-2 day gap online, or am I better off trying my luck directly at the airport (as long as I'm willing to wait at the airport) for a cheaper price? Is there any truth to rumours that airlines sell tickets at cheaper prices at the airport right before flights to fill empty seats or is that a myth? 
4217	Recommendation for backpacking trip in April	I am considering a backpacking trip in April for about a month. I am looking for a destination that:   Is "exotic" for an European (so I rule out the whole of Europe, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zeland) April is a reasonable month to visit (I am thinking mainly about climate) Is malaria-free Is reasonably safe (e.g. I wouldn't consider Syria at the moment) Has either rich cultural heritage or natural beauty. I am after "world class", breath-taking monuments (so for instance I wouldn't consider Armenia - ignoring the fact that its in Europe - even though it has a couple of really nice monasteries)   I am flying from London with my family. Budget is a secondary issue.   I would be grateful for all recommendations.  
4225	Searching for flights to destinations matching weather / flight time conditions	easyJet has a neat little feature on the route map they show on their website: you can set criteria such as maximum flight time and minimum temperature for the month you plan to fly from any airport, and they show you match flights.    We have had a couple of questions earlier on searching by date or "broad" search for flights. Is there any online booking / search site at all similar to easyJet's site that allows search for flights using other criteria such as weather, flight times, et al? 
4225	Searching for flights to destinations matching weather / flight time conditions	easyJet has a neat little feature on the route map they show on their website: you can set criteria such as maximum flight time and minimum temperature for the month you plan to fly from any airport, and they show you match flights.    We have had a couple of questions earlier on searching by date or "broad" search for flights. Is there any online booking / search site at all similar to easyJet's site that allows search for flights using other criteria such as weather, flight times, et al? 
4261	"World class" monuments to visit in April	I am trying to plan a month long backpacking trip in April, such that:   It has either rich cultural heritage or natural beauty. I am after "world class", breath-taking monuments (so for instance I wouldn't consider Armenia - ignoring the fact that its in Europe - even though it has a couple of really nice monasteries). I know its subjective criterion, but I don't really know how to phrase it any better. April is a reasonable month to visit (I am thinking mainly about climate) Is malaria-free Is at altitude &lt;3000m (I will be traveling with small children) Is reasonably safe (e.g. I wouldn't consider Syria at the moment) Is "exotic" for an European (so I rule out the whole of Europe, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand)   I would also like to exclude countries we have visited recently: Morocco, Tunisia, Turkey, Thailand, Malaysia.  I will be traveling from London. Budget is a secondary issue, but we probably can't afford super expensive countries, e.g. Japan.   Hopefully I gave enough criteria to make this question interesting. 
4277	Tourist visa to Iran in London without losing passport for weeks	What is the most reasonable way to get a visa to Iran without losing passport for weeks? In particular we are Polish nationals living in London.  In this question: How to get a visa for Iran  I saw that one can improve things by using an agency to get a "code", but still it seems that you need to send your passport to the embassy and there are no guarantees on how long the process will take.  Also I read that it is possible to get a visa on arrival on major airports (15 day only though) - does anyone has any experience and know how to guarantee that we will actually get it? 
4296	Can the ship's captain really perform your wedding when in international waters?	On the question about whether you can get married while travelling, Mark Mayo posted a comment that any marriage has to be on dry land or close to it.  But I'm sure all of us have heard of ships' captains marrying couples at sea.  From the movie Casablanca:     Say, why don't we get married in Marseilles?   ...   Well, let's see. What about the engineer? Why can't he marry us on the train?   ...   Well, why not? The captain on a ship can. It doesn't seem fair that...    So is this fiction after all? If not how does it fit with Mark's comment? What special rules and such should we know?  If I'm travelling at sea with a significant other and wish to tie the knot, can we do so with any captain on any ship on any sea? Must it be international waters? 
4292	Can you get married while traveling?	As a traveler getting married while traveling must be the ultimate experience. Can you actually legally get married while traveling?  
4330	Getting nauseated from air travel, but it's *not* motion sickness...what to do?	My sister is not particularly inclined to air travel—she regularly throws up, and the feeling of nausea is evident well before motion sickness could occur (i.e. inside the terminal).   I suspect some of it is due to a reverse-placebo psychological effect—she likely associated motion sickness with airports/airplanes/air travel at an early age and it's unfortunately carried through. It's probably not entirely the odor of burnt jet-fuel (although she does mention that as contributing) since she's fine when she's going to the airport to say bye to relatives.   Also of note—my sister is only 11 years old, so that limits what can be done to help her as far as medication is concerned.  Unfortunately, neither Dramamine, Benadryl, nor Sea-Bands have been of any help, as we discovered two days ago. We're going to consult her doctor when we get back to the US, but the slight problem with that is that there is a 12 hour plane ride back to the US, and the preferable option would be to go back with as little vomit as possible.  What could be done to help alleviate her nausea? 
248	Avoiding air travel sickness without Dramamine/Dimenhydrinate or other drugs	My wife is very prone to motion sickness, especially on air flights.  In the past we've handled this with Dramamine (Dimenhydrinate), which helped quite a bit.  Unfortunately, my wife's reaction to the Dramamine was invariably to fall into a deep, groggy sleep for the duration of the flight.  This is her reaction to most antihistamines.   We're planning on taking a trip to Europe next year, and I'm concerned about the idea of essentially drugging her into unconsciousness for the duration of an extended overseas flight.  Is there any other recourse to prevent motion sickness that would be effective for a long haul (7+ hours) flight? 
4361	How do I prevent my head from drooping while trying to sleep on a plane?	Even with the seat back lowered as far as it will go, my head droops forward when I try to sleep. This causes me to soon wake up with either a stiff neck or because of "the head jolt".  The neck cushions do not work. Putting one behind my neck is pointless because that does not prevent my head from drooping forward. And they are too small to be of much use in the front of my neck. 
4394	What exactly is the "personal item" you can bring in addition to a carry-on?	    On many airlines (at least in the US), you are often allowed one "personal item" in addition to your carry-on bag. For example, Continental Airlines says:     In addition to the one carry-on item, you may bring one personal item such as a large shoulder bag, large backpack, laptop bag or an item of similar size.   The guidelines for the regular carry-on bag and checked luggage are very specific (weight, size in linear inches, etc.), but the "personal item" description always seemed fairly vague.  Practically, what can count as a personal item, and what would be turned away for being too large? If an item was rejected for not meeting the policy, when would it be rejected, and what would happen to it? 
4421	Is it safe to drink tap water in Morocco?	Over the next week I'm travelling around in Morocco and I wonder whether buying bottled water is essential or tap water is safe enough to drink. According to the Wikitravel entry:     As a rule, do not drink tap water at all in Morocco, even in hotels,   as it contains much higher levels of minerals than the water in   Europe. For local people this is not a problem as their bodies are   used to this and can cope, but for travellers from places such as   Europe, drinking the tap water will usually result in illness.   Generally this is not serious, an upset stomach being the only   symptom, but it is enough to spoil a day or two of your holiday.   When it says 'contains more minerals', does it mean tap water is typically 'hard water' or something else? As long as it means just hard water, I'm fine with it. I'd love to get some objective information on how safe tap water is in Morocco. 
4449	What is the most active volcano in Central America?	What is the most active volcano in Central America, in terms of eruptions, explosions, lava, gases, etc.? Is it possible to visit it? 
4459	Are there still any “Fly as much as you like” air passes for the U.S.?	Back in 1993 I had a ticket called 'Delta Air Lines Travel America Standby Airpass' that allowed me to take an unlimited number of flights on Delta Airlines within a 30 day period. 60 days were available as well.  There were some conditions:   You had to purchase the pass along with a transatlantic flight (possibly other long distance flights into the U.S. worked as well and they did not necessarily had to be with the same airline) You could not be a resident of the U.S. or Canada You could only use flights within the continental U.S. Your seat was not guaranteed, when showing up at the airport you would get added to the bottom of the stand-by passengers list, but most of the time, this was not a problem.   I know that at the time other airlines besides Delta had the same kind of passes, but do they still exist today?  It seems today air passes work differently, you have to buy coupons for a predefined route. The price depends on the distance and number of flights. An example is the Star Alliance North America Airpass  That's not what I am looking for, I like the unlimited 'Fly as much as you can' pass.  If there is a positive answer to this, it may also be a good answer to the question 'Sightseeing the USA by air' 
4466	What does one year of traveling around the world cost?	What does it cost to travel around the world for one year on average? I am not considering the continuous cost you have at home (Insurance, mortgage, etc) and the around the world tickets, since those cost can differ depending on journey, personal situation, and preference.  I know that the question depends on many personal factors, but I just want to know if it is at all possible, or should you have inherited a fortune or won the lottery?  At what figure does it make sense to start planning such a journey? 
4466	What does one year of traveling around the world cost?	What does it cost to travel around the world for one year on average? I am not considering the continuous cost you have at home (Insurance, mortgage, etc) and the around the world tickets, since those cost can differ depending on journey, personal situation, and preference.  I know that the question depends on many personal factors, but I just want to know if it is at all possible, or should you have inherited a fortune or won the lottery?  At what figure does it make sense to start planning such a journey? 
1568	My departure record was not collected when I left the USA. Is this a problem?	I came to the USA on a B1/B2 visa and left as planned after three weeks. I tried to hand in the DHS Departure Record to the officer at the airport passport control but he was not interested. I still have it now. I heard that when people leave with a commercial airline, the departure is recorded automatically. Can I be sure of this and that I will not have problems with the immigration officials in the future? 
4602	3 days in Amsterdam: What to see?	In a few days I'm flying to Amsterdam. We will spend there a fun weekend as I repeatedly mentioned in previous questions. But nevertheless a little bit of sightseeing is also necessary. I don't know a lot about Amsterdam, so I'm looking forward for typical sightseeing suggestions. So far, I have only one point on my list, the "Anne Frank Huis". 
4602	3 days in Amsterdam: What to see?	In a few days I'm flying to Amsterdam. We will spend there a fun weekend as I repeatedly mentioned in previous questions. But nevertheless a little bit of sightseeing is also necessary. I don't know a lot about Amsterdam, so I'm looking forward for typical sightseeing suggestions. So far, I have only one point on my list, the "Anne Frank Huis". 
4620	Suggested itinerary for Bahia, Salvador, Brazil at Carnaval time?	Having been to Rio Carnaval in 2009, I would like to experience the equivalent in Bahia in Salvador, Brazil. Please suggest an itinerary to experience the Carnaval and other attractions.  A good starter for this is here: http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/4615/303  And I'd like further insight into people's experiences. Thankyou. 
4629	Is it better to travel by train or plane when there is risk of snow in the eastern US?	Train travel in the eastern US is a more viable option than in other parts of the country.  Whether it's cheaper or shorter than air travel depends upon a number of variables and can be researched on a case-by-case basis.  However, when booking weeks ahead of time in winter months, the weather is a factor that can affect travel plans.  Is one option better than the other when considering the potential for snow?  Certainly air travel is often delayed due to snow/ice on the runways; are there any analogous issues with trains?  My initial thought was that perhaps trains can mostly plow through the snow (literally), but that's just a very uneducated guess as I know very little about train travel.  I'm specifically thinking about travel between the Philadelphia area and Boston area, but I want the question to apply more broadly. 
4651	Which foreign currencies can be used to exchange for INR in India?	Is there a preferred foreign currency to bring to India to exchange for the Indian Rupee?  I understand that USD is the preferred currency in most countries, but is it OK to bring CAD?  Will cab drivers or guides accept USD or CAD as tips if no Indian Rupee is available on hand? 
4688	Where to Buy Tram Tickets in Amsterdam	I have to travel to Amsterdam next week, but I have a question regarding the Tram tickets.   Do I buy the tram tickets in the Central Station? Can I buy tickets from the tram driver?  Since it's a short trip I will be taking just the Tram 16, from the Central Station and the Keizersgracht.   Can I buy tickets that are valid for more than three days?   When do the tram start working? I know they run until 12:30pm but I don't know when they start? 
4726	What is the most effective advice to avoid/minimise risk of illness when travelling in Africa?	I'm considering some trips to Africa at some point in the future and a major concern is protecting against illness.   Obviously, as with other places, the continent varies a lot: cities, rural, villages. So the advice would vary as risks will be low in some areas and high in others - as is the case on other developing continents.   And don't get me wrong I'm not singling out this content as being the only one where one should be careful, this would apply to other regions where such risks can occur.  Taking official advice on vaccinations is fairly straightforward and advice on Malaria is well documented (but any points welcome).  My Specific Question  My question is more about other risks. It is perhaps easy to get carried away with over concern about these, particularly as many are quite unpleasant, e.g. parasites in the gut, legs, eyes etc. Various TV programmes and websites can scaremonger. But how much of a risk are these really?   I regard travel.stackexchange.com as quite a high quality forum, where the signal to noise ratio is very high and comments are generally sensible. So I'm looking to see how contributors could answer my question. The decision on risk is ultimately mine of course.  As this site guides questioners to ask solvable questions, then my question is can you provide definitive advice on the risks:   what risks are current where do they occur (rural, urban, semi rural, regions?) preventative steps ( vaccinations, avoidance of certain foods (e.g. veggie only, wash foods, hygiene, boil/steriliser tablets to make water safe to drink) symptoms to look for treatment (though I'd prefer not to get to this stage :) )   Some research I have done so far:  Parasites: how acquired, symptoms and remedies:  (If I'm honest this is the kind of thing I'm most concerned about, perhaps a moderate phobia of, I don't think I'm alone in that. Apart from the risk itself, I think my attitude is also something would have to consider).  Delicious.com stack: http://delicious.com/stacks/view/TelRyi  Some seemingly good advice:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1441534 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1512030  Others (fairly thought provoking, if sometimes unpleasant stories, a bit more anecdotal): http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1779942 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1480034 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1455845 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1365291 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1908527 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=2019005 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1379159 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1466554   Malaria:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1811844  
4726	What is the most effective advice to avoid/minimise risk of illness when travelling in Africa?	I'm considering some trips to Africa at some point in the future and a major concern is protecting against illness.   Obviously, as with other places, the continent varies a lot: cities, rural, villages. So the advice would vary as risks will be low in some areas and high in others - as is the case on other developing continents.   And don't get me wrong I'm not singling out this content as being the only one where one should be careful, this would apply to other regions where such risks can occur.  Taking official advice on vaccinations is fairly straightforward and advice on Malaria is well documented (but any points welcome).  My Specific Question  My question is more about other risks. It is perhaps easy to get carried away with over concern about these, particularly as many are quite unpleasant, e.g. parasites in the gut, legs, eyes etc. Various TV programmes and websites can scaremonger. But how much of a risk are these really?   I regard travel.stackexchange.com as quite a high quality forum, where the signal to noise ratio is very high and comments are generally sensible. So I'm looking to see how contributors could answer my question. The decision on risk is ultimately mine of course.  As this site guides questioners to ask solvable questions, then my question is can you provide definitive advice on the risks:   what risks are current where do they occur (rural, urban, semi rural, regions?) preventative steps ( vaccinations, avoidance of certain foods (e.g. veggie only, wash foods, hygiene, boil/steriliser tablets to make water safe to drink) symptoms to look for treatment (though I'd prefer not to get to this stage :) )   Some research I have done so far:  Parasites: how acquired, symptoms and remedies:  (If I'm honest this is the kind of thing I'm most concerned about, perhaps a moderate phobia of, I don't think I'm alone in that. Apart from the risk itself, I think my attitude is also something would have to consider).  Delicious.com stack: http://delicious.com/stacks/view/TelRyi  Some seemingly good advice:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1441534 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1512030  Others (fairly thought provoking, if sometimes unpleasant stories, a bit more anecdotal): http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1779942 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1480034 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1455845 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1365291 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1908527 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=2019005 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1379159 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1466554   Malaria:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1811844  
4726	What is the most effective advice to avoid/minimise risk of illness when travelling in Africa?	I'm considering some trips to Africa at some point in the future and a major concern is protecting against illness.   Obviously, as with other places, the continent varies a lot: cities, rural, villages. So the advice would vary as risks will be low in some areas and high in others - as is the case on other developing continents.   And don't get me wrong I'm not singling out this content as being the only one where one should be careful, this would apply to other regions where such risks can occur.  Taking official advice on vaccinations is fairly straightforward and advice on Malaria is well documented (but any points welcome).  My Specific Question  My question is more about other risks. It is perhaps easy to get carried away with over concern about these, particularly as many are quite unpleasant, e.g. parasites in the gut, legs, eyes etc. Various TV programmes and websites can scaremonger. But how much of a risk are these really?   I regard travel.stackexchange.com as quite a high quality forum, where the signal to noise ratio is very high and comments are generally sensible. So I'm looking to see how contributors could answer my question. The decision on risk is ultimately mine of course.  As this site guides questioners to ask solvable questions, then my question is can you provide definitive advice on the risks:   what risks are current where do they occur (rural, urban, semi rural, regions?) preventative steps ( vaccinations, avoidance of certain foods (e.g. veggie only, wash foods, hygiene, boil/steriliser tablets to make water safe to drink) symptoms to look for treatment (though I'd prefer not to get to this stage :) )   Some research I have done so far:  Parasites: how acquired, symptoms and remedies:  (If I'm honest this is the kind of thing I'm most concerned about, perhaps a moderate phobia of, I don't think I'm alone in that. Apart from the risk itself, I think my attitude is also something would have to consider).  Delicious.com stack: http://delicious.com/stacks/view/TelRyi  Some seemingly good advice:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1441534 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1512030  Others (fairly thought provoking, if sometimes unpleasant stories, a bit more anecdotal): http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1779942 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1480034 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1455845 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1365291 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1908527 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=2019005 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1379159 http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1466554   Malaria:   http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=1811844  
4730	How to prepare for very long train journeys?	A friend of mine is going to take a very long train journey the next week. The journey takes 44 hours according to the train schedule and takes place in Europe. He has to change trains two times. Once after 12 hours, and the second time after 20 hours. There is not a lot of time between these trains on the stations. The journey starts early in the morning and lasts until early afternoon two days later.  He is a little bit afraid of this very long journey and therefore looking for tips how to prepare. For example how to get some sleep in a normal train compartment, how to fight the boredom, what do eat, etc. 
4757	Travel pass in London	    In February 2012 I'll spend  days in London (Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday). I'll have to travel from Heathrow to the city center and back. Additionally, I'll be using the subway all five days and I'm also planning to go for some more remote areas, like Richmond park. Is there any travel pass available that allows me to use all public transport in this area for this time period? Or what is the cheapest options for my plans? (If it does matter, I'm a student). 
2041	London on public transport: what kind of tickets to use?	I'm visiting London for a couple of days, and planning to use public transport while there.   What kind of ticket(s) would it make most sense to use? Do I get the most value out of single tickets, day travelcards, an Oyster card, or something else? (I'm guessing the Oyster card is more geared towards residents of London, but I'm not sure.)  I'd mostly move around in central London (within zone 1) with accommodation being located a little further away (zone 2). Most probably I'd take several trips each day (some of which might be during rush hour).  Bonus question: while I would surely be using the tube the most, are the same tickets generally valid for buses too?  
4846	Everest Base Camp Hiking	Has anyone done the Everest or Everest base Camp hiking thingy? If so, can you tell me the difficulty level and how much would that cost? As for me, I'm pretty fit and do regular sport. Also, please tell me the best time of the year to do that. 
4859	Do I need a US visa to change planes in an American airport?	In Europe usually you don't need to go through immigration to change planes (unless you are entering/exiting Schengen). Is it the case in the US as well? May I catch a connecting flight on one of the US airports if I don't have US visa? 
4859	Do I need a US visa to change planes in an American airport?	In Europe usually you don't need to go through immigration to change planes (unless you are entering/exiting Schengen). Is it the case in the US as well? May I catch a connecting flight on one of the US airports if I don't have US visa? 
4872	What to do if drugs / a bomb are planted in your travel bag?	So the scene: You're flying from Bogota, Colombia to New York, USA.  You arrive, pick up your bag from the carousel, and figure you'll stuff your netbook you used on the flight into your bag now rather than lugging it through the airport under one arm.  However, when you open your bag, you see something that you certainly did not pack. Drugs/a bomb/live snake, take your pick.  Now you didn't pack these, but you're pretty sure the guys ahead who will x-ray / sniffer dog your bag won't take kindly to seeing them there.  What are you supposed to do in this situation??  (Note, while this has not happened to me, it's certainly claimed to have happened to several people travelling from Bali, Thailand and other places - see the Schapelle Corby case for an example) 
4828	Avoiding tourist traps while still having fun in Sint Maarten	I will be in Sint Maarten (Saint Martin). I am not so interested in the beaches, but I do like sailing. I also like good food (looking forward to the French restaurants...), Cuban cigars and quality alcohol.   I am wondering if anyone has any suggestions from their personal experience at the island, since I sense that if one is not careful about what to do and where to go, they can fall into the tourist trap (although, one can argue ... going there is already falling into the trap). For example, I think I would avoid places where cruise ships are docked, since the shopping will be overpriced, etc.   I hope I am asking a concrete question, as I want to get advice from those who were at the island, or a similar island for that matter (I plan on visiting St. Eustatius and St. Barthlemy as well if I get bored in Sint Maarten).   
4901	Are there any legal requirements for renting a car in the US as a foreigner?	I am planning a road trip in the US with some friends and plan to rent a car for the purpose. Are there any legal requirements for renting a car.  Do they require a US driver's license? Do I have to pay for extra insurance? 
4779	Four days in Jordan / Amman. Itinerary suggestions?	I plan on going to Amman, Jordan for four days in March. I plan to spend a day visiting the Petra Caves - don't want to spend more than a day there unless absolutely necessary as otherwise I'd have to buy a two day pass which is costlier than the one day pass - and another day at the Dead Sea, which leaves me with a day or two in Amman. The Jordanian dinar is a pretty strong currency so I wouldn't want to spend too much, and will be travelling mostly by public buses, as far as possible, making Amman my base and making day trips to Petra / Dead Sea.   Is this itinerary too rushed or would you suggest spending more time at any of the places? Or are there any other places accessible from Amman you'd recommend visiting (and worth extending my stay for)? I plan to go Thursday - Sunday. I read on some online forum that there aren't enough bus services on Fridays / Saturdays because it's a Muslim country. Is this true, and if yes, could jeopardize my itinerary of taking day trips from Amman?   
4935	What time does the Tbilisi to Istanbul bus depart?	I know there are buses running between Istanbul Turkey and Tbilisi Georgia.  I know they take about 30 hours and cost about $35.  What I don't know is what time they depart Tbilisi and what time roughly they arrive in Istanbul.  I also don't know whether there is just one company or several, and whether they leave from Ortachala or Didube station or some from each. 
4969	Preparing to take a 5 year old on the hike to Machu Picchu	I am planning to take my 5 year old on a trek through Peru.  One of the places to visit is Machu Picchu.  Given its location above sea level I was wondering how long of an adaptation period we should take before visiting if any?  And considering the 5 year old how should this be adjusted? 
4944	How to get from Cuba to Costa Rica?	What is the best option to get from Cuba to Costa Rica? 
5019	Non payment of red light ticket in Atlanta on Indian drivers' license	    I was issued a red light ticket in Atlanta. Officer told me I could pay that online after 7 days, but the ticket was never received in their system. I checked with them by calling them but they say it will be there next time, every time. Can I enter US again or  more specifically Atlanta, GA ? 
995	What happens when a foreigner gets a traffic fine in the United States?	What happens when a foreigner gets a speeding ticket / traffic fine in the United States? I've heard that the issuing officer will demand payment on site or will confiscate the drivers license.  That sounds a little too extreme to be true but on the other hand I'm not sure how they would enforce punishment for these infractions on people who can just leave the country. 
5024	What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch?	As you may have seen in my other posts I am in the early stages of planning my Eurotrip this summer which if you are interested in seeing the planned route go here:   http://www.tripline.net/trip/Eurotrip_Bruce-6031502460441004AB55F3DFBEB7A2DD  I am trying to decide what sort of gadget I buy to use for communication with home whilst on my journey through Europe.  So far I see myself with four options:   The Tablet PC (iPad, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy);     Advantages: portable, WiFi, 3G connectivity in some, long battery life Disadvantages: expensive, flashy, can't store alot of media e.g. images or movies  The Netbook (Asus EEEpad, Acer aspire, Toshiba, Samsung, Sony)    Advantages: cheaper, keyboard, Wifi, USB, better storage Disadvantages: less portable, power source to charge?, performance  The Smartphone (iphone, HTC, nokia N97)      Advantages: connectivity Wifi and mobile network, lightweight, can do music and basic movies, can charge with USB in some phones. Disadvantages: not able to store photos backup data, not as capable in tasks like a Netbook or tablet pc.     4- Laptop (Dell, Asus, ALienware :D? )   Advantages: powerful, storage for photos, games/movies/music Disadvantages: flashy = more likely to get stolen, heavy, expensive   If any of you have tried travelling with any of these devices or could recommend a particular type or make then please do so: I like photography so I need something to store my photos in from my memory card   What is Wifi like in Europe is it popular or just in the main cities? Also what is 3G coverage like, would it be worth getting a roaming international SIM card to take with me?  
5024	What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch?	As you may have seen in my other posts I am in the early stages of planning my Eurotrip this summer which if you are interested in seeing the planned route go here:   http://www.tripline.net/trip/Eurotrip_Bruce-6031502460441004AB55F3DFBEB7A2DD  I am trying to decide what sort of gadget I buy to use for communication with home whilst on my journey through Europe.  So far I see myself with four options:   The Tablet PC (iPad, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy);     Advantages: portable, WiFi, 3G connectivity in some, long battery life Disadvantages: expensive, flashy, can't store alot of media e.g. images or movies  The Netbook (Asus EEEpad, Acer aspire, Toshiba, Samsung, Sony)    Advantages: cheaper, keyboard, Wifi, USB, better storage Disadvantages: less portable, power source to charge?, performance  The Smartphone (iphone, HTC, nokia N97)      Advantages: connectivity Wifi and mobile network, lightweight, can do music and basic movies, can charge with USB in some phones. Disadvantages: not able to store photos backup data, not as capable in tasks like a Netbook or tablet pc.     4- Laptop (Dell, Asus, ALienware :D? )   Advantages: powerful, storage for photos, games/movies/music Disadvantages: flashy = more likely to get stolen, heavy, expensive   If any of you have tried travelling with any of these devices or could recommend a particular type or make then please do so: I like photography so I need something to store my photos in from my memory card   What is Wifi like in Europe is it popular or just in the main cities? Also what is 3G coverage like, would it be worth getting a roaming international SIM card to take with me?  
5024	What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch?	As you may have seen in my other posts I am in the early stages of planning my Eurotrip this summer which if you are interested in seeing the planned route go here:   http://www.tripline.net/trip/Eurotrip_Bruce-6031502460441004AB55F3DFBEB7A2DD  I am trying to decide what sort of gadget I buy to use for communication with home whilst on my journey through Europe.  So far I see myself with four options:   The Tablet PC (iPad, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy);     Advantages: portable, WiFi, 3G connectivity in some, long battery life Disadvantages: expensive, flashy, can't store alot of media e.g. images or movies  The Netbook (Asus EEEpad, Acer aspire, Toshiba, Samsung, Sony)    Advantages: cheaper, keyboard, Wifi, USB, better storage Disadvantages: less portable, power source to charge?, performance  The Smartphone (iphone, HTC, nokia N97)      Advantages: connectivity Wifi and mobile network, lightweight, can do music and basic movies, can charge with USB in some phones. Disadvantages: not able to store photos backup data, not as capable in tasks like a Netbook or tablet pc.     4- Laptop (Dell, Asus, ALienware :D? )   Advantages: powerful, storage for photos, games/movies/music Disadvantages: flashy = more likely to get stolen, heavy, expensive   If any of you have tried travelling with any of these devices or could recommend a particular type or make then please do so: I like photography so I need something to store my photos in from my memory card   What is Wifi like in Europe is it popular or just in the main cities? Also what is 3G coverage like, would it be worth getting a roaming international SIM card to take with me?  
5028	Best solution for flying with a big dog?	Living in Sweden, but with family in The Netherlands and Finland, we (me &amp; my partner) will be traveling much back and forth. We have done this so far by planes.  We are both crazy about dogs and would like to get one soon. We have read that dogs over 8kg can't be in the cabin but go in the luggage/storage part. To me this sounds rather horrible for a dog (even if the temperature is the same).   What are your experiences with flying with a dog. Specially when you have a medium/big dog I wonder how people solve it. Do you take the dog in the plane or do you leave it home? Don't dogs get a trauma from flying? Is going by car/train/bus better? 
5029	Travel insurance that cover expensive camera	    How can I find a reasonably priced travel insurance that covers expensive photographic equipment (worth about £1500)? I used the popular search engines and comparison web sites, but they only return the cheapest insurance (with the worst conditions usually). I am after an worldwide annual multi-trip for UK residents.  The only company I found that has a special option for what they call gadgets is insurefor.com. I was wondering how can I make a better comparison of the market. 
5046	How to find historical airfares?	Is there a way to find out how much it would have cost to buy a particular airplane ticket at some point in the past?    For example, how could I find out how much it would have cost to buy a one-way itinerary from airport A to airport B on October 1, 2011 for travel on November 1, 2011? 
5050	How (un)reasonable would it be to go backpacking to Egypt now?	    Everyone has seen all the demonstrations in Egypt right now. I was wondering from practical perspective for a backpacker, does it really make a trip to Egypt more dangerous or difficult? 
5048	Are bluetooth headphones allowed on flights in the US, particularly on United Airlines?	I have a United Airlines flight this week and I would love to listen to an Audio book for the duration.  Unfortunately my only working pair of headphones are bluetooth.  I've looked on United's web page for prohibited items but see nothing about bluetooth devices.  Does anyone know if bluetooth is banned on United flights? 
5064	What is the shortest commercial passenger flight (with a flight number) in the world?	With the occasional debate about Oxford airport in the UK becoming a new London airport, and hearing of a flight that once landed at Heathrow due to fog, then flew on to Gatwick, I was wondering - what is the shortest (time) regular (ie I can look it up online and book a ticket) passenger flight in the world?  I'd specify distance as well, but in theory that shouldn't matter? 
5065	What is the longest passenger flight (with a flight number) in the world?	For example, JQ151 from Sydney to Christchurch is around 3 hours.  NZ1 however, is about another 7 to Hong Kong.  Will need a regular flight number to verify.  Definition is longest in terms of flight time / distance (they should be linked, logically?). 
5117	What Australian dishes - Aboriginal or otherwise - made of kangaroo meat should I not miss?	I've eaten kangaroo steak once (in Cambodia). Are there any traditional Australian dishes - Aboriginal in origin or otherwise - exist that use kangaroo meat, and is it easy to find them in restaurants? 
5119	Is it safe to drink bubble tea in Hong Kong?	I love bubble tea and I've seen it many places for sale while walking through Hong Kong.  I've read mixed reviews on the safety of Hong Kong's tap water supply, and so I am wondering whether this is safe for a foreigner to drink, since it is neither (1) hot or (2) pre-packaged. 
5134	What is the cheapest way to get from EU to India?	What's the flight or flights that regularly connect an European Union country with India for less money? My research has showed that Air Arabia was a good option some years ago when connected Athens with a lot indian cities through Sharja, but now this route is no longer operated. 
5169	Shopping in Los Angeles	After returning from a cruise to Hawaii, we will be spending a single day in Los Angeles. We will already have spent a couple of days there before the cruise, so the plan is to just spend that day shopping.  We will not have a car, so we expect to make do with taxis and/or shuttles.  What are our best options? We were thinking a mall with a nearby hotel. Bonus points if it is fairly close to LAX. We would like to shop for "normal" clothes (i.e. not super-expensive designer brands), consumer electronics and so on, so I guess any medium/large mall would do. Any shop with cake decorating equipment (Michaels or similar) would also be super.  I have been looking at South Coast Plaza and Glendale Galleria, but they seem to be a bit far away from LAX. Westfield Culver City seemed somewhat closer, but according to Yelp it is a bit "ghetto" (whatever that means). 
5174	Where to exchange money in Wroclaw	I'm arriving to Wroclaw airport (Ryanair) next April, where should I exchange most of my money? In the airport, in the city or in another city? 
5174	Where to exchange money in Wroclaw	I'm arriving to Wroclaw airport (Ryanair) next April, where should I exchange most of my money? In the airport, in the city or in another city? 
5173	American citizen, resident in Israel, getting student visa for France	My family and I (American citizens) have been living in France on tourist visas for the past 87 (88?) days. We plan on staying in France long term. But as you might know, we have to leave the country because the 90 days permitted by the tourist visa are almost over. And you can't renew visas in France unless you leave the country (for 1 year to get another tourist visa, or if you can get a student visa or whatever you can come back immediately). So our plan is to go to Israel (for several reasons) and get residency.  The question: can we get french student visas in Israel (as residents) while being US citizens? 
5173	American citizen, resident in Israel, getting student visa for France	My family and I (American citizens) have been living in France on tourist visas for the past 87 (88?) days. We plan on staying in France long term. But as you might know, we have to leave the country because the 90 days permitted by the tourist visa are almost over. And you can't renew visas in France unless you leave the country (for 1 year to get another tourist visa, or if you can get a student visa or whatever you can come back immediately). So our plan is to go to Israel (for several reasons) and get residency.  The question: can we get french student visas in Israel (as residents) while being US citizens? 
5179	How can I find out whether I can use the ATMs in a specific country?	    When it comes to electronic bank machines, there are pretty much four categories of countries:   Countries where the majority of ATMs accept common foreign cards. Countries where there are ATMs but foreign cards do not work (e.g. Iran). Countries with ATMs that accept foreign cards but should not be used due to very bad exchange rates (e.g. Venezuela). Countries that do not have ATMs at all (Myanmar until Nov.2011)   Do I have to google this for every country I am going to? Or is there a nice list somewhere with all the countries in the last three categories? 
5204	Coverage of unusual activities with travel insurance	If you're planning on doing an unusual activity, that isn't directly prohibited (e.g. "no off-piste skiing"), or indirectly prohibited (e.g. roof riding in India under "illegal activities"), should you check whether it's excluded anyway?  Can a travel insurance company say something like "We don't cover underwater ironing, but it's so obscure that we couldn't fit it into the product disclosure statement"? 
5207	Indian Visa-on-Arrival	Has anyone had any experience with India's (newish) Visa-On-Arrival scheme (details here)?  I'm travelling on a New Zealand passport into Chennai (and meet the other requirements), and was thinking I would take advantage of the scheme. However, I could also apply for a visa in advance. However since I am resident in the UK, the waiting times are a bit longer and would run close to my departure date (plus I'd have to get photos taken and take time off work to queue up - the queue visible on street view is not encouraging).  So I am wondering if anyone has done the visa-on-arrival before and if they had any problems (like long waiting times, or refusal)? Also do they really need US dollars in cash for it, or can I pay on a credit card? 
5204	Coverage of unusual activities with travel insurance	If you're planning on doing an unusual activity, that isn't directly prohibited (e.g. "no off-piste skiing"), or indirectly prohibited (e.g. roof riding in India under "illegal activities"), should you check whether it's excluded anyway?  Can a travel insurance company say something like "We don't cover underwater ironing, but it's so obscure that we couldn't fit it into the product disclosure statement"? 
5262	Traveler's Century Club: Something similar just for Europe?	Yesterday I heard for the first time about the Traveler's Century Club.  To become a member of this club you have to visit 100 or more countries. Although I'm not really interested in joining such a club, I'm curious if there is a similar club for European countries. So let's say you can become a member if you have visited 80% of all European countries.  I couldn't find something like this. 
5272	Backpacking - travelling with 'smart' clothes	I've heard the tips for keeping your clothes unwrinkled in general - rolling t-shirts, having those cell things for shirts in your bag, etc.  However, while those work pretty well for t-shirts and casual clothes, every so often I've had to travel with smart trousers, business shirts, or (recently) a suit!  I didn't risk it, and carried the suit separately, having had that go badly in previous times.  However, I can't find an easy way to travel with a backpack and not have creases in my business shirts.  IF the destination has an iron, that's all good.  However they sometimes don't, and in deed last time for the first time, I burnt my shirt in the process (it was not a good start).  Any solid techniques for keeping clothes uncreased in a backpack? 
5274	Recommended quiet neighbourhoods to stay anywhere in Japan?	Planning to go to Japan to experience life as a local and looking for a place to stay for a week that feels very homely. An area where there is full of mom and dad type shops but is not too remote either.   Any suburbs recommended? Anywhere in the country is okay too!  
5282	Can I buy malaria medication in India?	In question 'Is it necessary to take malaria pills when travelling in South India?' we discussed whether it is necessary to take any medication. So if one has decided to take the pills, is it possible to buy them in India rather than buying them at home? If so, are all different types available and how much are they?  For my last trip in South East Asia I bought a good bunch of mefloquine pills in London for a lot of money. Because I stayed longer than planned and run out of them eventually, I had to buy more locally and there were much cheaper in SEA. (Yes, I do think they were the real thing!) 
5284	Using trains and buses in India without advance booking?	We talked about the different booking periods on Indian trains, and also about which class one might want to use. We learned that locals may ride on the roof of trains because the trains are too crowded.  So in general I get the idea that trains and buses are pretty crowded on the subcontinent and booking a seat or berth in advance is recommended.  However, I usually don't decide to move on to the next place until the day before, sometimes even the evening before. It is practical to just show up at the railway or bus station and try to get on board?   I usually don't like to take very long rides but I am sure I have to at some point, so I will use both local and long distance trains. 
5284	Using trains and buses in India without advance booking?	We talked about the different booking periods on Indian trains, and also about which class one might want to use. We learned that locals may ride on the roof of trains because the trains are too crowded.  So in general I get the idea that trains and buses are pretty crowded on the subcontinent and booking a seat or berth in advance is recommended.  However, I usually don't decide to move on to the next place until the day before, sometimes even the evening before. It is practical to just show up at the railway or bus station and try to get on board?   I usually don't like to take very long rides but I am sure I have to at some point, so I will use both local and long distance trains. 
5284	Using trains and buses in India without advance booking?	We talked about the different booking periods on Indian trains, and also about which class one might want to use. We learned that locals may ride on the roof of trains because the trains are too crowded.  So in general I get the idea that trains and buses are pretty crowded on the subcontinent and booking a seat or berth in advance is recommended.  However, I usually don't decide to move on to the next place until the day before, sometimes even the evening before. It is practical to just show up at the railway or bus station and try to get on board?   I usually don't like to take very long rides but I am sure I have to at some point, so I will use both local and long distance trains. 
5289	What are my accommodation options when traveling with toddlers through Morocco?	We are going to Morocco with our kids. We intent to rent a car and independently travel a bit through the country. From reading through online resources, I have learned that a Riad is a must-do, but what are our other options if we plan to travel between Marrakech, Agadir and Essaouira? Are, given the colonial history with France, Gites and Chambre d'hotes (Bed &amp; Breakfasts) as common as in France? 
5305	How to travel between castles in the Loire valley?	I'm planning to visit Loire valley and spend a week there. I know that I can travel from Paris to Tours by TGV, but I don't know what is the best way to explore the valley and visit individual castles. I don't need guided tours, I'm looking for a way to travel between the castles.  
239	If I visit Los Angeles, am I better off renting a car or not?	California has a pretty notorious reputation for having bad traffic, so I am wondering if it would be worth my time to rent a car when I visit there. If I stay within the LA area, is public transportation good enough for me to get by without renting a car? I would like to visit Hollywood as well, so will I be able to easily get around by public transportation? Or would I be better off to rent a car if I need to get around? 
5334	Need malaria meds for Rajasthan in February?	Rajasthan appears to be relatively low risk for malaria in February, so should I take malaria meds while I'm there (for two weeks) or just try to avoid getting bitten? Obviously I'll use Deet and take all the usual precautions to avoid mosquito bites, and I have a supply of Malarone if needed, but I can't seem to find any reliable information as to the risks so that I can make an informed decision as to whether to take the Malarone or not. If it makes any difference I'm taking my 14 year old son with me and I need to decide for him too. 
5334	Need malaria meds for Rajasthan in February?	Rajasthan appears to be relatively low risk for malaria in February, so should I take malaria meds while I'm there (for two weeks) or just try to avoid getting bitten? Obviously I'll use Deet and take all the usual precautions to avoid mosquito bites, and I have a supply of Malarone if needed, but I can't seem to find any reliable information as to the risks so that I can make an informed decision as to whether to take the Malarone or not. If it makes any difference I'm taking my 14 year old son with me and I need to decide for him too. 
5374	Is there anywhere I can decorate an elephant as a tourist?	Is there anywhere I can decorate an elephant as a tourist?   
5414	Why do I feel pressure in the ears in a plane?	Normally you feel pressure in your ear, if the air pressure changes, e.g. if you're ascending or descending very fast. But why do I feel this pressure also in airplanes where the pressure in the passenger room should be constant? 
5436	I need to fly today, where can I search for options?	A friend of mine needs to fly today. All typical aggregated booking sites don't allow searching for today. Anyone know where it is possible? 
5193	Best way to make my ears pop?	What is the best way to make my ears pop when landing on a plane? The hold-your-nose-and-pitch method is very painful; are there any other methods to pop ears? 
5457	How to avoid letting a rental business hold my passport in Thailand?	I'm considering renting a motorcycle in Thailand, and the terms on the rental company's website state they will hold my passport for the duration of the rental. While I do not intend to leave the country, I don't like the idea of leaving my passport behind. Authorities may want to see my passport, such as a hotel clerk or a traffic policeman.  Is it legal for a business in Thailand to hold my passport for any reason?  What are my options if I don't want to give them my passport? This question suggests trying to convince the business to accept a photocopy of my passport. Has anyone had success with this approach? Would leaving a larger deposit or perhaps my credit card suffice?  I'm planning to rent for one or two days only. 
5473	Getting to Australia from overseas cheaply and not by air?	I really thought this had been asked before but can't find such a question.  I'm looking for either a website or guidebook or detailed directions on how to arrive in Australia from another country without flying. (And also without paying some huge amount just for the privilege of doing it by surface travel.)  From time to time there's a television show or book about some adventure travellers who go around the world without flying and pass through Australia - sometimes even with a car. But amongst my many travel friends and workmates in the industry in Australia (my native country) nobody seems to really know any details on how to do it!  An answer pointing to a website or book on the topic would be perfect.  But also if you've done it yourself and tell me how that would also be a perfect answer. I assume there must be more than one way to do it but there might possibly be one central place with info on all these ways.  If you want specifics I am currently travelling around the world for as long as I can sustain it without a great deal of money. I have a return flight which cannot be extended beyond the end of May 2012 but would like to refund or forfeit the return leg if I can be reasonably sure that I'll still be able to get home at a point in the future when it may become necessary. Generally flying to Australia is a lot more expensive that flights in and between Europe, Asia, and the Americas. I would consider doing the last hop to Australia from any point in Southeast or East Asia which I assume would be the easiest, or anywhere else if this assumption is wrong.  Yes I've heard freighters might be an option but also they may be much more expensive than flights. I've also heard getting a ride on a private yacht can be done but are there some definite details I'd need to know for doing that? I've never met anybody that's actually managed to do it. 
5497	What are some tricks you use to buy cheap airline tickets in Europe?	I have been flying with Wizzair, Ryanair and Easyjet for some time already and have found that there is really a lot to be learned about how to achieve the lowest prices. It was not uncommon for me to buy Ryanair tickets for €20 Euros and come next day to find out that they are for €10. Or to fly home on the 23rd of December for €50 with Wizzair even though the starting price was €100 for all flights around Christmas.  Some of my strategies include buying in the middle of the week and having a diversified set of credit cards to avoid currency-exchange/booking charges (e.g. Mastercard Prepaid for Ryanair). What tricks do you use? 
5556	Modifying online flights to include stopovers	I'm trying to get a visa for Canada, but that's beside the point. While I wait, I play with flights online, looking at prices.  I found that occasionally there's this weird multi-stop flight that shows up from Auckland, New Zealand to Nadi, Fiji, to Christmas Island, Kiribati, to Honolulu, USA, to Vancouver, Canada!  Now, these only have stopovers of like 1-3 hours, so it's for a refuel or to drop off passengers.  Certainly not enough time to get off.  However, if it were possible, I'd like to change the flight to include stopovers of a day to a week - I'm not fussed - I'm flexible, but I'd love to spend even a day in some of these places.   Most online booking sites don't seem to include stopover functionality, however.  Kayak allows you to display only flights with a certain length stopover, but this is in the  realm of hours, merely to let you configure it not to strand you in Manila or LAX for too long.    Is there a way to search online flights to configure stopovers of days in length, or do you have to book separate flights? 
5588	Suitcases: hard or soft?  Canvas, polycarbonate or something else?	So I'm in the market for a suitcase.  And let's start by making it clear that I do need a suitcase: point to point trip on a plane to a cold weather destination with lots of baby stuff, souvenirs and more to carry, so backpacks, carry-on only etc ain't gonna cut it.  80-100L or so ought to do the trick.  In general, I've preferred squishy canvas-y softcases along the lines of this:    Because they're nicer to lug around than something with sharp edges, can always expand in a pinch -- magic zippers for extra space rock -- and are pretty close to unbreakable.  (Incidentally, that bag -- like much of my luggage -- is from Antler, a brand I've found to generally strike a reasonable compromise between price and quality.)  For things that shouldn't get squished, like my scuba gear, I used an ancient Samsonite plastic hardcase, which suffered many a hard knock over the years and finally gave up the ghost when the lock broke.  But now I understand that plastic is lame and all the cool kids are using polycarbonate hardcases, ideally the original Rimowa Salsa/Topas:    At $1000+ a pop here in Oz those are way out my target price range, but everybody's now making copies and eg. Antler's "Liquis" goes for $300 or so, which is a bit more that I'd like to pay but not entirely out of the question -- if it really is worth it. (Again, Oz prices, please don't taunt me with how much cheaper it's in the US.)  So here, finally, is the question.  Should my new bag be soft (canvas/polyester), hard (polycarbonate) or something else, and why?  Recommendations of specific models/brands also welcome. 
5618	Currency management when backpacking?	    I am going in a trip round Europe this summer (more info) http://www.tripline.net/trip/Eurotrip_Bruce-6031502460441004AB55F3DFBEB7A2DD?n=63  I have got my budget sorted out however now I need to think about how I will transform that into currency (Euros).   I have been looking around the internet for what is the best way to deal with currency and have found these methods that people do so far.   Bulk currency exchange in home country (in a bank or post office); this seems to be the cheapest way to get your currency with a lower percentage commission taken from your money. The only problem with this though is that I will have to carry all my cash around with me which would not be safe when backpacking. Travel Credit Card; http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/travel/cheap-travel-money As you can see from that page it gives some good advice about travelling abroad. It also mentions there are some credit cards with 0% charges when withdrawing cash abroad. The only problem I can see with this is when im in an area with no ATM or that does not accept my card. Travellers Cheques? Don't really know much about them and whether or not they are suited for backpackers? Changing currency abroad; means taking my own currency (pounds) abroad with me and changing it over in a country. It might give me a better exchange rate but it still means I need to carry my own currency which could be risky.   Was hoping people here could maybe expand on the methods I have found or tell me there own methods for dealing with currency which are suited for backpackers.  I quite like the idea of getting a bank card with 0% currency charges, does anyone have experience of doing this in a country?  Thanks 
5650	Are carry-on bags being weighed on long-haul flights?	It's been four years since our last international flights. We're flying with Air New Zealand from the US to Oz.   And we are seeing weight limits for carry-on baggage. Are the carriers actually weighing carry-on baggage these days? I've never had anything carry-on weighed before and so this was a surprise (and a potential excess baggage hassle) if they are doing it.  Edit March 4th: The bags were not weighed for the SFO-MEL flight. This could be due to the flight being only 2/3rds full (we saw nothing carry-on being weighed by Air NZ).  We did happen to hear American Airlines announcing that every carry-on bag going on one of their flights would be both measured and weighed. So a bit of "pot-luck" involved.  
5709	How can I find cheap international airfares from Chicago?	    What are reliable ways to find cheap international airfare? My husband and I live in Chicago and want to travel, but we're not that picky about our destination.   Are there websites for this? I know my high school Spanish teacher used to rave about a website that sold discount airfare to Latin America, but I can't for the life of me remember what it was called. Does anyone know of one, or of similar sites for other parts of the world?   Or are there airlines that serve Chicago (or other U.S. cities, we may be willing/able to get to the departure city) that sell relatively inexpensive tickets? 
5748	Taking a tripod on an Aeroflot, Kingfisher or Air India flight?	May I carry a tripod as carry-on luggage or do I have to check it in when on an international flight? Having it strapped to my backpack is fine during my trip but I'm worried it might get stuck somewhere at the airport while on conveyor belts.  I would like to know the answer to this question in general but am mostly interested in policies by Aeroflot, Kingfisher Airlines and Air India. 
5748	Taking a tripod on an Aeroflot, Kingfisher or Air India flight?	May I carry a tripod as carry-on luggage or do I have to check it in when on an international flight? Having it strapped to my backpack is fine during my trip but I'm worried it might get stuck somewhere at the airport while on conveyor belts.  I would like to know the answer to this question in general but am mostly interested in policies by Aeroflot, Kingfisher Airlines and Air India. 
5755	What is the cheapest way to get from South America to Australia	What is the cheapest way to get from South America to Australia?   I found several flights mostly from Buenos Aires and Santiago de Chile, however the prices are quite prohibitive. Do you recommend any alternatives? My journey time is not time limited.   How to find cheapest flights beside hunting on Quantas/Air New Zealand promotions Any ferry service? Using a freight ship - any opinions? Not very cheap, but comparable to some air tickets.  
5783	Finding drinkable water while travelling	I tend to get dehydrated rather easily, a problem that is compounded when I travel to locations where the water is unsafe/unfamiliar for me.  I often seem to find myself having to choose between getting sick from dehydration and (potentially) getting sick from drinking local water.  I'm not accustomed to bringing a filtration/purifying device with me (though if this is a practical solution to my problem, I am definitely open to suggestions), and bottled water gets very expensive very quickly (not to mention it always seems to run out so fast...).  I am at a loss for how else I might approach this problem.  How can I ensure that I have access to drinkable water when I travel? 
5800	Driving license in Australia	We will be in Australia for a few days and I was considering renting a car. Is a standard European license (we have Polish and Italian) good enough, or do we need "international driving license"? We live in London, so getting the latter one is a major obstacle. 
5801	Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach?	Well, this has happened to everyone at some point - you find out there is no toilet paper just after you need it the most. Usually it's not a big deal, even in public toilet room you can wait until you hear someone nearby and kindly ask for paper.  However when such thing happens in a foreign country it  might get more complicated, e.g. you don't speak the native language well enough to know what to ask for or you fear the response of people from different culture.  Personally this happened to me only once in a "friendly" place (USA) with culture very similar to what I have at home (Israel) so I knew what you ask for and got help rather fast, but ever since I wonder sometimes what I would do in totally "foreign" place.  So, suppose such thing happens - what is considered best practice? Are there any cultures that might consider such request from innocent tourist as rude or even offensive? 
5801	Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach?	Well, this has happened to everyone at some point - you find out there is no toilet paper just after you need it the most. Usually it's not a big deal, even in public toilet room you can wait until you hear someone nearby and kindly ask for paper.  However when such thing happens in a foreign country it  might get more complicated, e.g. you don't speak the native language well enough to know what to ask for or you fear the response of people from different culture.  Personally this happened to me only once in a "friendly" place (USA) with culture very similar to what I have at home (Israel) so I knew what you ask for and got help rather fast, but ever since I wonder sometimes what I would do in totally "foreign" place.  So, suppose such thing happens - what is considered best practice? Are there any cultures that might consider such request from innocent tourist as rude or even offensive? 
5801	Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach?	Well, this has happened to everyone at some point - you find out there is no toilet paper just after you need it the most. Usually it's not a big deal, even in public toilet room you can wait until you hear someone nearby and kindly ask for paper.  However when such thing happens in a foreign country it  might get more complicated, e.g. you don't speak the native language well enough to know what to ask for or you fear the response of people from different culture.  Personally this happened to me only once in a "friendly" place (USA) with culture very similar to what I have at home (Israel) so I knew what you ask for and got help rather fast, but ever since I wonder sometimes what I would do in totally "foreign" place.  So, suppose such thing happens - what is considered best practice? Are there any cultures that might consider such request from innocent tourist as rude or even offensive? 
5801	Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach?	Well, this has happened to everyone at some point - you find out there is no toilet paper just after you need it the most. Usually it's not a big deal, even in public toilet room you can wait until you hear someone nearby and kindly ask for paper.  However when such thing happens in a foreign country it  might get more complicated, e.g. you don't speak the native language well enough to know what to ask for or you fear the response of people from different culture.  Personally this happened to me only once in a "friendly" place (USA) with culture very similar to what I have at home (Israel) so I knew what you ask for and got help rather fast, but ever since I wonder sometimes what I would do in totally "foreign" place.  So, suppose such thing happens - what is considered best practice? Are there any cultures that might consider such request from innocent tourist as rude or even offensive? 
5828	Cheapest trip from Canada to anywhere for visa purposes	I'll be looking to base myself in Vancouver soon.  In the past, you've always had to prove at the border that you'll be leaving again, one way or another.  Last time they didn't take the "I'm planning on winging it" comment well, so fortunately I had a bus ticket to Seattle as well (from Vancouver).  This time I'll have a return airline ticket, so that's easy, but I know other friends who just want the cheapest form of a ticket out of the country.  Last time I had a $22 bus ticket from Vancouver to Seattle.  Is there a cheaper ticket that would serve this purpose? Every dollar counts when you backpack ;)  Note - it doesn't have to be from Vancouver.  Anywhere in Canada, to anywhere outside of Canada is acceptable. 
5828	Cheapest trip from Canada to anywhere for visa purposes	I'll be looking to base myself in Vancouver soon.  In the past, you've always had to prove at the border that you'll be leaving again, one way or another.  Last time they didn't take the "I'm planning on winging it" comment well, so fortunately I had a bus ticket to Seattle as well (from Vancouver).  This time I'll have a return airline ticket, so that's easy, but I know other friends who just want the cheapest form of a ticket out of the country.  Last time I had a $22 bus ticket from Vancouver to Seattle.  Is there a cheaper ticket that would serve this purpose? Every dollar counts when you backpack ;)  Note - it doesn't have to be from Vancouver.  Anywhere in Canada, to anywhere outside of Canada is acceptable. 
5853	Does flying east to west generally take longer than west to east in America?	I noticed for a particular round-trip that the portion from the east coast to the west was scheduled to take over an hour longer than the return trip.  I initially thought this was a mistake due to time zone or daylight-savings time oddities, but that does not appear to be the case.  I know there are a number of variables that can affect flight time (type of jet, winds, even potentially rotation of the Earth itself), so I was wondering if this sort of thing is typical.  This particular instance happens to use the same model plane for both trips and is non-stop, so most factors seem to be controlled for aside from east-west vs. west-east.  Is the longer flight a good candidate to arrive early (or is the shorter flight a good candidate to arrive late)?  Edit: I recognize from this question that winds are likely to be the dominant factor, but that still does not answer my question.  I'm specifically asking about the USA and I don't know what sorts of winds are typical (or whether or not it depends largely on southwest vs. northwest, etc.). 
5863	Is it safe to travel to Cairo in July 2012?	    I am planning on travelling to Cairo this July but heard the elections will be in May with possibly a referendum on June 26th.  Do you think it will be still safe for me to visit Cairo during this period? 
5841	How to budget for backpacking trips	    I'm mildly ashamed to say I hardly ever budget for my trips.  I  tend to look at my bank balance, look at the trip, and go "meh, it'll work".  The last big one almost caught me out when  Finland wrecked my balance a bit - wow it's expensive :/  My general strategy for accommodation is to sort hostels by price, then choose the one with the best atmosphere.  My general strategy for transport is that cheapest is best, and gets the best stories.  This leaves food, which is where I'm happy to try everything and money saved on accommodation can be used for activities and food.    However, there are inherent flaws in this when accommodation works out horrendously, or I spend 10 days in St Petersburg waiting for a Kazakh visa...  So what's a great break-it-down strategy for how to budget successfully for long-term (3+ months) backpacking?  (I realise we have some questions asking what budget to allow for certain places, but not on HOW to budget, so this can be relevant for others as well) 
4253	How to get to Christmas Island?	Christmas Island is an island of Australia far off the northwest of the mainland, much closer to Indonesia.   (Thanks to Wikimedia Commons for the map)  I know I can fly there but Wikitravel seems to suggest there's no regular ferry or boat transport.  It does mention that I might be able to get there by private yacht or by cruise ship. Does anybody have some actual information about how to find either of these and how much it might cost?  I'd like to know both about getting there (or back) from Australia and from Indonesia. Would one be easier than the other? Would customs and immigrations rules make the latter too tricky? Would it be a good way to get from Australia to Southeast Asia overland? 
5875	Long walking trails in Europe with accommodation enroute	What waymarked walking trails in Europe allow you to stay in hotels/guest houses/b&amp;bs every night along the trails?   I'm looking specifically for way-marked trails that you can walk along for 5 or 6 days without having to carry camping equipment, and instead stay in hotels every night.   I know that there are hundreds of walking trails in Europe, but the majority of them, you can only walk for at most 2 or 3 days before you have to go more than a day's worth of walking to get to the next hotel.   What walking trails exist that allow you to do this? 
5902	Is there any 3g data package that works across Europe?	       I will travel to Europe this year. Is there any 3G with data package   that will be work on most of this selected cities (London - Amsterdam   - Munich - Venice - Paris ) How much it would be?   Question originally by Rudy, but was combined with another question so I split it out. 
1475	How to go to Manchester from London?	I will travel to Europe this year. I am planning to visit Manchester Old Trafford on the first day. How can I get to Manchester from London? How long does it take, and how much does it cost (preferably by bus/train). 
5879	Travel guide to Kaliningrad?	I'm looking for a travel guide (i.e. book) to Kaliningrad.  Are there any particularly useful English-language references for visitors to Kaliningrad?  I am particularly interested in any remnants of the old Königsberg. 
5902	Is there any 3g data package that works across Europe?	       I will travel to Europe this year. Is there any 3G with data package   that will be work on most of this selected cities (London - Amsterdam   - Munich - Venice - Paris ) How much it would be?   Question originally by Rudy, but was combined with another question so I split it out. 
5907	Phone calls within countries in Europe	My brother and I are considering going on a tour of Europe, that visits 13 countries in 24 days. Most advice I've seen recommends buying a separate SIM card for each country, but that is expensive when you are visiting many countries. We want access to cheap calls/texts that are local for the country we are in as we would mainly be calling each other or using Rebtel if we wished to make an international call/text. Do there exist European cap plans that allow you to use your phone in multiple countries without having to pay roaming charges? 
5907	Phone calls within countries in Europe	My brother and I are considering going on a tour of Europe, that visits 13 countries in 24 days. Most advice I've seen recommends buying a separate SIM card for each country, but that is expensive when you are visiting many countries. We want access to cheap calls/texts that are local for the country we are in as we would mainly be calling each other or using Rebtel if we wished to make an international call/text. Do there exist European cap plans that allow you to use your phone in multiple countries without having to pay roaming charges? 
5952	Are there EU Regulations/Laws or French Laws regarding hotel services/amenities?	As the title says are there any laws or regulations that state what services/amenities must be provided inclusive of stay in hotel/motel in France?   Booked a holiday to the French Alps and the self-catered hotel were staying in, are now telling us we have to pay an extra 10-15€ for bed linen.   Is this allowed?  
5991	Drinking tap water in India	I ordered SteriPEN before I started my India trip but unfortunately it didn't arrive in time. I'm only drinking bottled water here but am interested whether tap water in train stations and some monuments is safe to drink or is the board which says Drinking water just put there as a decoration or is that water really safe.  Related: Drinking tea and coffee on the street  
6004	Consequence of not showing up for one leg of journey	    Recently i booked a flight using my points. I am  planning to fly to Seattle WA from Indianapolis Indiana.  Stop over is Chicago.  On the day of my flight i am supposed to be in Chicago.   So I was wondering if i can directly board my Seattle flight from Chicago thereby not showing up in Indianapolis.  Is this okay?  Will united cancel my entire journey if i do not show up in Indianapolis? 
5715	Where in Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau airport are the millimeter-wave body scanners?	This wikipedia page about millimeter-wave scanners indicates that Montreal's Pierre Elliott Trudeau airport uses millimeter-wave scanners. Can someone tell me at what sections/terminals of the airport these scanners are used? I couldn't find this information on the airport's wikipedia page or with cursory browsing of the airport's website, and I don't know where else to look.  I'm asking in order to be prepared for going through the scanner. I am taking a round-trip later this year to YUL, and I assume the security screening I go through when departing Montreal will be using these machines. 
6034	Cheap air travel within Europe	    I am looking for general tips on finding cheap air tickets (particularly within Europe, but global tips are welcome too).    One possibility is checking general search sites such as Kayak and Expedia.  This is the easy way, but these sites don't always give cheap results because they do not work with do not support transfer with low cost airlines such as RyanAir.  The next try would be checking if some low cost airlines such as RyanAir and WizzAir fly between the cities I'm interested in, and try to match up flights when I need to transfer (e.g. WizzAir is strong in Eastern Europe and RyanAir flies mainly within western Europe, so if I want to get from Eastern Europe to a not extremely popular destination in Western Europe, e.g. Romania - Malta, I often need to transfer as there are no cheap direct flights).  This is usually a lot of work (especially matching the flights with a safe transfer time --- lately RyanAir doesn't even show which days of the week a certain flight is available, and when I click through all days of the week in their calendar they start showing me CAPTCHAs). Then there's the problem that I simply don't know about all the low cost airlines that are available.  Recently someone tipped me off about SmartWings which seemed to be useful for my destination at that time, but I have never even heard of this company before.  I hope this explanation makes the difficulties faced by someone who's not that experienced clear.  I often end up spending a lot of time, and later someone can still point me to a better solution than what I have found.  Unfortunately I needed to move around a lot on a low budget lately, so now I'm a bit better at finding good solutions.  But I think I could still learn from more experienced people.  So, how do you usually go about chasing down the cheapest way to go from point A to point B?   I'm interested in non-air-travel as well (train, bus, boat), but these days trains are not necessarily cheaper and I really really don't want to spend 20+ hours on a bus any more. 
6034	Cheap air travel within Europe	    I am looking for general tips on finding cheap air tickets (particularly within Europe, but global tips are welcome too).    One possibility is checking general search sites such as Kayak and Expedia.  This is the easy way, but these sites don't always give cheap results because they do not work with do not support transfer with low cost airlines such as RyanAir.  The next try would be checking if some low cost airlines such as RyanAir and WizzAir fly between the cities I'm interested in, and try to match up flights when I need to transfer (e.g. WizzAir is strong in Eastern Europe and RyanAir flies mainly within western Europe, so if I want to get from Eastern Europe to a not extremely popular destination in Western Europe, e.g. Romania - Malta, I often need to transfer as there are no cheap direct flights).  This is usually a lot of work (especially matching the flights with a safe transfer time --- lately RyanAir doesn't even show which days of the week a certain flight is available, and when I click through all days of the week in their calendar they start showing me CAPTCHAs). Then there's the problem that I simply don't know about all the low cost airlines that are available.  Recently someone tipped me off about SmartWings which seemed to be useful for my destination at that time, but I have never even heard of this company before.  I hope this explanation makes the difficulties faced by someone who's not that experienced clear.  I often end up spending a lot of time, and later someone can still point me to a better solution than what I have found.  Unfortunately I needed to move around a lot on a low budget lately, so now I'm a bit better at finding good solutions.  But I think I could still learn from more experienced people.  So, how do you usually go about chasing down the cheapest way to go from point A to point B?   I'm interested in non-air-travel as well (train, bus, boat), but these days trains are not necessarily cheaper and I really really don't want to spend 20+ hours on a bus any more. 
6034	Cheap air travel within Europe	    I am looking for general tips on finding cheap air tickets (particularly within Europe, but global tips are welcome too).    One possibility is checking general search sites such as Kayak and Expedia.  This is the easy way, but these sites don't always give cheap results because they do not work with do not support transfer with low cost airlines such as RyanAir.  The next try would be checking if some low cost airlines such as RyanAir and WizzAir fly between the cities I'm interested in, and try to match up flights when I need to transfer (e.g. WizzAir is strong in Eastern Europe and RyanAir flies mainly within western Europe, so if I want to get from Eastern Europe to a not extremely popular destination in Western Europe, e.g. Romania - Malta, I often need to transfer as there are no cheap direct flights).  This is usually a lot of work (especially matching the flights with a safe transfer time --- lately RyanAir doesn't even show which days of the week a certain flight is available, and when I click through all days of the week in their calendar they start showing me CAPTCHAs). Then there's the problem that I simply don't know about all the low cost airlines that are available.  Recently someone tipped me off about SmartWings which seemed to be useful for my destination at that time, but I have never even heard of this company before.  I hope this explanation makes the difficulties faced by someone who's not that experienced clear.  I often end up spending a lot of time, and later someone can still point me to a better solution than what I have found.  Unfortunately I needed to move around a lot on a low budget lately, so now I'm a bit better at finding good solutions.  But I think I could still learn from more experienced people.  So, how do you usually go about chasing down the cheapest way to go from point A to point B?   I'm interested in non-air-travel as well (train, bus, boat), but these days trains are not necessarily cheaper and I really really don't want to spend 20+ hours on a bus any more. 
5809	The most difficult countries to travel in?	Now at first sight that's a subjective question.  But I'll explain now that it's not.  So please don't answer subjectively either!    Pamir Highway between Dushanbe and Khorog, Tajikistan  When papers or publications release pieces about "the richest country" it's usually based on something - maybe GDP, or debt, for example.  Hitch Wiki gives each country a 'hitchability' rating, for example.  But that's only one form of travel, and there's not much granularity in the rating system.    generic hitching picture  Is there a publication or source that through some moderately scientific calculation, publishes a list of the hardest (or easiest) countries to travel through?    Yungas Road or "Death Road" in Bolivia  I'm not sure myself how you would measure this - but similarly, I'm not sure how you'd compare crime stats between countries. Yet news outlets, universities etc have found a way, with many studies. I'm expecting someone's come up with a 'scientific' way to do it, and I'm looking for that. 
6053	What is the best source of information for ATM availability?	From Wikitravel:     Some developing countries either have no ATMs, very limited ATMs, or   are not connected to the international networks. This includes Myanmar   in Southeast Asia, as well as parts of Africa. In Japan, most bank   ATMs don't work with international cards (the cards are even an   incompatible size), so you need to look for a post office, 7/11 or   Citibank ATM. In certain countries, not every ATM accepts foreign   credit or debit cards. So check in-advance about what's available, and   do what's necessary to ensure you have adequate cash during your   travels.   What is the best source of information for finding out about ATM availability? I am travelling around Europe (including Eastern Europe) and trying to figure out what card/card(s) to obtain to make sure that I am never caught without money. 
6070	I've been told one state in the US is the easternmost, westernmost and northernmost state. How to visit the points?	According to what I've been told, one state (Alaska) has land which is considered the easternmost, northernmost, and westernnmost in all of the USA.  What are the three points that allows it to claim this, if it is indeed true, and how to get there? 
716	What kind of plug adapter should I pack for India?	I'm travelling around a few cities in India, from Delhi to Bangalore. What type of plug adapter should I pack? 
6059	Four to six days in Scottish Highlands - questions about renting cars and accommodation	I will be spending some 4 to 6 days in Scotland with my wife in about 2 weeks. We plan on driving around and seeing some of the beautiful sightings and places in the Highlands (and islands, maybe?).  We're from Brazil, but we'll be coming in from Belfast by the Stena Line ferry. My plan is to get a car in Stranraer and then drive around, probably travelling around the Highlands from Glasgow to Edinburgh. We've been to Edinburgh before, but not Glasgow.   Problem is, we weren't able to book everything in advance this time, so the real questions would be:   Is it possible for me to just get to Stranraer and rent a car? Given that nothing at all is booked right now, is it too crazy to just drive around the highlands (guidebooks and GPS in hand) and try to find B&amp;Bs, hostels and the like around? If that is possible, what towns would be recommended to stop for sleeping and sightseeing? I know about Inverness because of Loch Ness, but... Well, that's pretty much all I know!   Sorry about the kind-of-open-ended question, I will provide more details if someone asks. 
6136	How can I get a list of which companies accept Mastercard for cash advances?	From statson.org:     Again, in France, almost any bank or cash machine (if you have a   4-digit PIN) can give you a cash advance on Visa (Carte Bleue), but   only a few banks (Credit Agricole, Credit Mutuel, and all Post   Offices) and cash machines can give you a M-C cash advance.   I've searched Google and Mastercard's website, but I can't find a list of which banks accept Mastercard for cash advances. I'll be travelling in Europe (20 countries) and Duabi. How can I find out which banks or ATM operators will accept Mastercard in a particular country?  Update  Apparently, Cirrus is the interbank network used by Mastercard.  Related questions:   ATM availability - I'm looking for a list of companies, rather than the locations for specific ATMs  
6163	When is an International Certificate of Vaccination necessary?	I was reading an old answer that referenced the International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis they carried in their passport.  I've never heard of this before, despite getting several travel vaccinations and doing a fair bit of international travel.  My question is: when is a document like this necessary?  And should I have received one from the travel clinic I went to in the US for my vaccinations? 
6169	Cheapest way to get from Europe to South Africa	Later this year, I intend to spend 2-3 months in Europe, then want to go to Capetown, South Africa to visit a friend there.  Keeping costs down is important.  Travel time is not--in fact, a longer travel time could actually be enjoyable (assuming there are things to see along the way)!  My order of priorities when selecting a travel method (or methods) would be:   Safety  I'm not interested in hitch-hiking through a war zone, for instance. Cost The cheaper the better Scenery/travel experience Flying would probably be the least attractive option by this criteria   I will not have a vehicle, but that doesn't mean renting a vehicle would be out of the question--assuming a rental can be driven through the requisite countries.  EDIT As I must eat the same quantity of food, and sleep the same number of hours whether I am traveling or not, I do not consider normal food or lodging expenses part of the travel expense unless they are more costly than they would be while staying in another city.  If I were to travel by train, for instance, where my only option for food was over-priced diner car food, I would consider that a relevant travel expense. 
6169	Cheapest way to get from Europe to South Africa	Later this year, I intend to spend 2-3 months in Europe, then want to go to Capetown, South Africa to visit a friend there.  Keeping costs down is important.  Travel time is not--in fact, a longer travel time could actually be enjoyable (assuming there are things to see along the way)!  My order of priorities when selecting a travel method (or methods) would be:   Safety  I'm not interested in hitch-hiking through a war zone, for instance. Cost The cheaper the better Scenery/travel experience Flying would probably be the least attractive option by this criteria   I will not have a vehicle, but that doesn't mean renting a vehicle would be out of the question--assuming a rental can be driven through the requisite countries.  EDIT As I must eat the same quantity of food, and sleep the same number of hours whether I am traveling or not, I do not consider normal food or lodging expenses part of the travel expense unless they are more costly than they would be while staying in another city.  If I were to travel by train, for instance, where my only option for food was over-priced diner car food, I would consider that a relevant travel expense. 
6174	Is there a bus from Tbilisi, Georgia to Thessaloniki, Greece?	While it appears that information is available about the bus from Thessaloniki to Tbilisi in a previous question, I'm curious about the reverse? What Georgian companies (or Greek companies operating in Georgia) service this route? 
6188	Is there travel insurance for missed flights?	Our family will be going to Rome this November.  As in a previous question, I am worried about missing my return flight home.  Is there travel insurance that will help us find a return ticket home if that happens?  I'm talking about us missing a flight with no fault of the airline.  Like if the train breaks down or we get stuck in traffic.  This policy would need to buy us return tickets home and since there might not be a ticket available, I imagine it would have to be able to do some clever negotiating with the airline and hotels.  Does that exist? 
6202	Is there Anyway of getting from Australia to South America on a Budget	    Does anyone know how if there iss anyway of getting form northern Australia to south america. I've looked at flights but there all a bit expensive. Is there anyway of getting there on a budget e.g ferries or freight etc. if anybody has any ideas it would be great  thanks 
6216	What are the popular tourist places to visit while stopping in Rome?	Me and my girlfriend are stopping in Rome for a week in June.  Currently places that we were thinking of visiting that are popular tourist places are:   Colloseum, Pantheon, Roman Forum, Palatine Hill Baths of Caracalla Trevi fountain, Spanish steps Vatican (Sistine Chapel and St Peter's Basillica) Pompeii (day trip on the train) Villa d'Este (in Tivoli) Bioparco zoo Borghese gardens   Is there any other places that tourists should visit? Maybe there are some places on this list we should try to avoid? Any advice would be appreciated. 
6233	Can you receive mail at hotels weeks before you arrive?	Do hotels accept mail for guests that haven't arrived yet? Even weeks in advance?  I am buying tickets for an event (see this question), but the vendor can only mail tickets to a Japanese address. I don't arrive in Japan for another 2 weeks, but I want to buy the tickets now before they sell out.  Do hotels accept mail for guests 2 weeks in advance? 
6251	Which prepaid sim to get to use my unlocked iPhone 4 in the US	    I'll be living in the US for 6 months soon and I'm looking for a way to use my unlocked iPhone 4 on a pay-as-you-go plan with data. Do you guys know anything good? 
6285	Is traveling by train in the night in Morocco safe?	Is traveling by train safe during the night in Morocco?  I would like to take a night train from Marrakech to Fes or Rabat, to save a holiday day. Do you think it is wise? 
6304	Why do return flight costs vary depending on the country of origin?	I had planned for my wife, daughters and I to take a holiday from our home in China to the UK for a few weeks in July. Usually, when people visit us in China from the UK, the cost is around £450 to £500 for a return flight. Looking online, I can see that such tickets are available. However, when I looked at the flights from China to the UK the costs for return tickets were in the £850 to £1,000 range.  This seems unfair. Buying the same ticket on the same airplane results in vastly different prices depending on your origin. What justification is there for airlines to charge double the price for return flights from China to the UK and back as for the return flights from UK to China and back?  As it stands this will end our vacation plans as the cost has gone from an expensive £2000 trip for the family to an astronomical £4000 trip, equal to my entire years salary. 
6286	How to deal with insurance excess when renting a car abroad?	Some time ago I had a car accident abroad where it was clear from the beginning that I was not liable (rear-end collision). Still the car-rental agency (one of the big ones) charged me the complete insurance excess. It took more then one and a half year to get reimbursed.   Ever since I am giving special attention to the insurance excess when renting a car. Some of the companies charge high amounts of insurance excess ($1200).   Can you get insurance for insurance excess?  
6337	What's "border surfing"?	In the comments of a recent answer, which had mentioned the detention of hikers by Iran, one of the people referred to "border surfing". What is border surfing?  Edit: I'd rather not have to link to the discussion in question, but it's not about water surfing: What to use instead of credit cards in Iran?     getting arrested while on the other side of the border would be an   Iranian idiosyncrasy, wouldn't it?      Not really. This could have happened during a border surf between   other countries as well.  
6330	Backpack in France	I plan to go to France for a backpack trip during May, I plan to stay there for a week.  To make my journey manageable, I plan to visit only a few cities/ countryside namely:   Paris ( 3 days) Nantes (2 days) Strasbourg ( 2 days)   My plan is to visit the historical places, museum and natural parks instead of commercial area. And also, I am looking for cheap hostels and cheap travelling ticket I can use.  Is there any resource online that I can refer to? 
6344	US to Asia via Europe with infants	We are planning to go on a trans-atlantic flight ( 10 hrs) with an infant. To help defray costs, we're considering just getting a "lap" ticket for our (would-be) 1 year old.   Are there airlines which are particularly good at accommodating infants? I would think these are the criteria:   Shortest layovers. Most legroom in Economy. Accommodating, in terms of infant engagement (toys, puzzles, etc.) during the flight, seat assignments with bassinets capabilities, etc.   Our Route Sector will be to fly east from the US east coast (NY or DC), via Europe, to China/India. The final destination will be contingent based on scheduling, pricing and the answer to this question ;) 
6344	US to Asia via Europe with infants	We are planning to go on a trans-atlantic flight ( 10 hrs) with an infant. To help defray costs, we're considering just getting a "lap" ticket for our (would-be) 1 year old.   Are there airlines which are particularly good at accommodating infants? I would think these are the criteria:   Shortest layovers. Most legroom in Economy. Accommodating, in terms of infant engagement (toys, puzzles, etc.) during the flight, seat assignments with bassinets capabilities, etc.   Our Route Sector will be to fly east from the US east coast (NY or DC), via Europe, to China/India. The final destination will be contingent based on scheduling, pricing and the answer to this question ;) 
6344	US to Asia via Europe with infants	We are planning to go on a trans-atlantic flight ( 10 hrs) with an infant. To help defray costs, we're considering just getting a "lap" ticket for our (would-be) 1 year old.   Are there airlines which are particularly good at accommodating infants? I would think these are the criteria:   Shortest layovers. Most legroom in Economy. Accommodating, in terms of infant engagement (toys, puzzles, etc.) during the flight, seat assignments with bassinets capabilities, etc.   Our Route Sector will be to fly east from the US east coast (NY or DC), via Europe, to China/India. The final destination will be contingent based on scheduling, pricing and the answer to this question ;) 
6344	US to Asia via Europe with infants	We are planning to go on a trans-atlantic flight ( 10 hrs) with an infant. To help defray costs, we're considering just getting a "lap" ticket for our (would-be) 1 year old.   Are there airlines which are particularly good at accommodating infants? I would think these are the criteria:   Shortest layovers. Most legroom in Economy. Accommodating, in terms of infant engagement (toys, puzzles, etc.) during the flight, seat assignments with bassinets capabilities, etc.   Our Route Sector will be to fly east from the US east coast (NY or DC), via Europe, to China/India. The final destination will be contingent based on scheduling, pricing and the answer to this question ;) 
6353	How long does it take for letters to get from Osaka to Tokyo?	I would like to order tickets to be mailed from Osaka to my hotel in Tokyo. How long should I expect it to take? It'll be mailed by standard post (no express charges). 
6358	What is preferable, Eurail Pass or Buying Pass on the spot?	I plan to visit 3 countries in Europe during May: Paris, Italy and England ( in that order). I will be staying in each country for 1 week; at the end of the week I will be moving on from a country to another.   Edit: Here are more updates on my research. This is my travelling schedule:   Paris Bordeaux Lyon Milan Florence Rome London    I plan to use Eurail pass when I travel from Paris to Rome, and I will take a flight from Rome to London.  My question is, is it more worthwhile to by a Selected Pass with three countries ( because the train from Lyon to Milan stops by Geneva), or is it more worthwhile to buy the ticket separately? 
6183	Which companies offer helicopter tours of the Grand Canyon from Las Vegas?	    Our family of 5 is going to Las Vegas for the first time and we'd like to see the Grand Canyon.  What tours by air are available? 
6376	Eurail Pass from Lyon to Milan	I plan to buy a Eurail pass that enables me to travel from France to Italy. I plan to buy the France-Italy Rail Pass, but I don't know whether I would need to buy an extra pass because from my research, the train will have to stop at Geneva, which is located in Switzerland.   Do I have to buy an extra pass for this purpose?   Edit: As I research further this train comes to my mind (TGV 9249). I think this is really what I really need; am I right? 
6382	How can I get a reliable taxi/car service in LA?	I am fully aware LA is based around the car and has limited public transport. But I'm planning to be there a few days and will not be able to drive a car of any kind.   I already have the airport journey covered and am looking what I can  access on bus/Metro, this question is about journeys that can only be covered by car.  I've been there briefly once before and found taxis surprisingly hard to find, and in some cases when hired from the street, very unreliable. Are there any tips or pointers to finding one which will get me to my destination?  If necessary I am prepared to pay more to get a private car service, if that is an option (not sure that is the right term in the US, but something more upmarket than a regular taxi).  (As a side point, given the lack of taxis and foot traffic, is there a great reliance on designated drivers for transport to go to bars, clubs, etc?)    Follow-up: I ended up staying in Santa Monica instead, which is walkable; rented a bike for trips along the coast, and took the Big Blue bus to downtown LA for a day, which included a bus tour. 
6405	The Great Wall of China: Where should I start a visit?	The Great Wall of China is more than 6000 kilometers long. So if I want to see that wall, where should I start my visit? What are typical places to see the wall?  I'm interested in places that offer a cool view such as this one:   Picture by http://www.theinspirationblog.net  Additionally, the places shouldn't be too crowded with tourists. 
6432	How to find a cheap tour to Wieliczka salt mines from Krakow?	    Just this. If I'm at Krakow, which are the cheapest tour that goes to the salt mines? 
6482	Unambiguous contact details for Japanese people	What are some good ways of getting unambiguous (yet not too intrusive) contact details for Japanese people you meet on your travels?  Apparently, Japanese people don't have a middle name, and I've found that googling or Facebooking for someone based on their first and surname provides many different people. Email isn't bad, but a single character mistake is catastrophic, and as many people don't publish emails on the web, you can't google for an email address and have google tell you "Did you mean: X?" 
6512	Jetlag - sleep or nap and delay sleep until destination time	    I am flying to London from Sydney. While still in Sydney, is it better to have a nap and delay my sleeping until London time says its okay, or to stick with Sydney time until I get on the plane?  The specific situation is as follow. Half an hour ago, it was 12:00 in London, but 21:00 in Sydney. We will be catching a plane at 06:00 Sydney time (need to be awake at 03:00 to get there) and arriving in London at 20:15. My older brother decided to go to bed at 10:00 and to sleep to 3:00. As he normally sleeps about 11:30, this moves him an hour and a half the wrong way. I decided that I'll have a nap between about 22:00 to 00:00 and then try to get some sleep on the plane (which will be about 21:00 London time). Which of these strategies do you think would be better with dealing with jet lag? 
6522	When and how to see the Red Crabs on Christmas Island?	I've recently been seeing a few mentions of this event, and it sounds incredible.  When's the time to go see them, and can you do it on your own or do you need a tour group? How would one go about organising this?  I know you can fly there, that's fine, it's the next stage that I need information on ;)    Image source: Wikipedia 
6531	How can I visit Chernobyl?	I have heard that it's possible to visit Chernobyl as a tourist (and some questions here on Travel bear this out, asking if it's safe to do so.)  I'd like to visit it.  What do I need to know to do so well, that is, to get there and to have a good trip?  I'd like to avoid overly-touristy tours, if they exist.  I also really enjoy urban exploration, and I'd love to be able to explore the city, although I think Chernobyl would be somewhere I would have to be careful!  So:   How can I visit it?  How is best to get there from (say) Kiev? Are there tour companies or guides?  Are these high-quality, interesting, at-your-own-pace or maybe even one-on-one tours, or 'touristy' tours? Can you stay nearby overnight, in order to not be hurried? (Related to the linked question) Are there maps of safe areas and irradiated areas?  How do you know where to go and where not to go? What specific things should I keep an eye out for?  For example, is it true you can see the nuclear plant glow at night?  
2302	Is travelling to Chernobyl safe for tourists?	Recently I read in my Lonely Planet and on some news site like for example this one, that the site of the Chernobyl nuclear catastrophe is open for tourists. There are also tour operators that offer visits to the destroyed city and the nuclear power plant. They state that the only visit "safe" places, i.e. places that are not really contaminated.  I personally have no plan to go there, because I think it is too dangerous and I also don't like disaster tourism.  But nevertheless I will be in Kiev soon, and a friend accompanying me plans to go there. So I have some questions:  Is it really possible to differentiate places in the Chernobyl area that are less contaminated than others? Are these tours safe? Is it ethically correct to visit such places? 
6553	Riding in a military jet	I remember that there was a possibility that one could take a ride in a military MiG.  I think at one point the cost was $15k.  Are there any other places that would allow a person to take such a ride? 
6566	What is the best way to visit both Lake Khövsgöl and Lake Baikal?	I am interested in a trip to visit both Lake Khövsgöl and Lake Baikal.  Khövsgöl seems to be in an extremely remote area so I'm not sure what is the best way to visit the lake.  What is the best way to get there? 
6572	Good mountains to camp on in Japan	I'm planning a trip to Japan next year.  It will be my first time there.  While there, I'll probably spend a few days hitting up the major tourist attractions, but I'd also like to spend some time camping in a mountain.  The obvious choice is Mt. Fuji, but after googling about it, that may not be such a good idea (going to a camp ground that gets 2K campers daily during its peak season seems to defeat the purpose of camping).  Are there any good recommendations for a mountain in Japan which:   Has campgrounds near the peak which usually aren't too crowded Has a trail that goes to the peak (I don't mind the physical side of it, I just don't hang from ropes and don't plan to) Stays away from Fukushima, preferably west or south west of Tokyo   I'm okay with travelling off of the mainland as long as there is something like a ferry which can get me to/from the mainland. 
6587	Will she be able to fit in the Philippine Airline Boeing 777-300er seat comfortably?	So I am going on a trip with my family to the Philippines. The only concern before buying our tickets is our rather large cousin. She stands at 5'6'' and is about 280lbs. She wears as size 24-26 pants. Does anyone know if she will fit the seats okay? I mean if she has to squeeze into the seat until after they are in the air and seat belt lights are off, that't okay. Im rather skinny and could leave my air rest up to give her some extra room. I just dont want to get onto the plane and have her be embarrassed later on.  
6604	Can I buy local prepaid mobile number in any Schengen country without having permanent residence proof there?	    I will be going to Amsterdam only for 3 days from India. I use iPhone 4 and a prepaid mobile plan with 3G/2G internet(prepaid) option. I want to talk to India sometime during my stay and I also want to use Map on my iPhone to get proper directions.  And if i use my indian mobile number at Amasterdam it will be very costly for international, local call and internet. it will be .75 euro per minute.  My question is after I reach to Amsterdam. Can i buy a local prepaid mobile number by showing a copy of my passport to make international calls and use 3G/2G internet in my iphone.  *iphone required micro-sim 
6564	Are there any boat tours for Lake Baikal?	I am interested in visiting Lake Baikal and exploring the areas around the lake.  What is the best way of doing so and which nearby town should I use as my homebase?  I'd expect using a boat to go from the west to the east side is much easier than traveling by land. 
6671	Consecutive Schengen area visas from different countries?	I am currently living in Germany, using a one-year working holiday visa.  When that expires, I hope to move to another European country, and continue this pattern of moving countries for as long as I'm eligible for visas.  I know that without a visa, as an Australian I can only stay in the Schengen area for 90 days out of every 180.   Is it going to be fine to apply for a Schengen visa (probably another 1-year working holiday) visa for another country, immediately consecutive to my current visa - i.e. starting the day my current one ends? When my visa here expires, do I need to leave the country immediately, or can I stay for up to 90 days before leaving?  
6694	Resources to find overseas volunteer opportunities with technical skills?	I'm a software engineer, and I want to volunteer my abilities in a foreign country for a month or two, preferably for a charitable organization. I previously did some work for the Grameen Foundation in Ghana, which I very much enjoyed, but haven't been able to find any resources to plan my next trip.  I've seen the questions Volunteering opportunities when travelling overseas and Website resources for 'out there' jobs related to travel. However, I'm not looking to get paid, and I'm not looking to "tour" as I volunteer in the country.  Are there any websites where I can get access to these types of opportunities? 
6694	Resources to find overseas volunteer opportunities with technical skills?	I'm a software engineer, and I want to volunteer my abilities in a foreign country for a month or two, preferably for a charitable organization. I previously did some work for the Grameen Foundation in Ghana, which I very much enjoyed, but haven't been able to find any resources to plan my next trip.  I've seen the questions Volunteering opportunities when travelling overseas and Website resources for 'out there' jobs related to travel. However, I'm not looking to get paid, and I'm not looking to "tour" as I volunteer in the country.  Are there any websites where I can get access to these types of opportunities? 
6711	Not flying the last segment of the first half of a return flight	I have booked a A-B-C | C-B-A flight. What I want to do is to not fly the B-C segment. While skipping the final B-A would be totally fine (just walk out of the airport), I'm afraid that the airline might cancel my return flight if I skip the B-C. Should I worry about that or is this a non-issue? Also - is there any way to make it with checked luggage (for example letting them know when I check in at A that I will actually not fly all the way to C) or is that impossible? 
6711	Not flying the last segment of the first half of a return flight	I have booked a A-B-C | C-B-A flight. What I want to do is to not fly the B-C segment. While skipping the final B-A would be totally fine (just walk out of the airport), I'm afraid that the airline might cancel my return flight if I skip the B-C. Should I worry about that or is this a non-issue? Also - is there any way to make it with checked luggage (for example letting them know when I check in at A that I will actually not fly all the way to C) or is that impossible? 
6591	Russian visas and short-term apartment rental in St Petersburg and Moscow	I'm attending a close friend's wedding in Russia in July. We'll be visiting St Petersburg for a few days first, then on to Moscow. We have a toddler who goes to bed early and we would much rather stay in AirBnB type apartments rather than hotels. There seem to be many such apartments, and I read elsewhere that this sort of thing is quite popular amongst foreigners.   It's unlikely I'll be able to get a homestay visa from my friend's family because there are many such visitors. I know that for a tourist visa I need confirmation from the hotel or travel agent, but these apartments aren't really either of those, as far as I know. Perhaps the AirBnB hosts hold get me a homestay visa? Perhaps I could go to a travel agency, explain my itinery and ask for them to sponsor a tourist visa? Are ever of these options? Are there any other possibilities? 
6730	Where can I get a Sitar lesson in New Delhi?	Is there any English friendly music school in New Delhi that allows one off lessons for Sitar? Particularly one that would provide the Sitar for you. 
6746	Why did my flights make unscheduled fuel stops?	On 2 occasions about 20 years ago my trans-Atlantic flights made unscheduled fuel stops.  Once from NY to Europe (Geneva IIRC), it stopped in Shannon, Ireland and once from Europe (Brussels IIRC) to NY it stopped in Bangor, Maine.  On both occasions they announced that there would be no disembarking allowed during the stop.  I've always wondered... why would they not load the plane with enough fuel in the first place to make it to the destination?  Doesn't the airline have to pay a lot just for landing fees so that they would want to avoid an unscheduled stop?  I always wondered that perhaps there was something else going on besides needing fuel. Anyone with knowledge of this? 
6792	Travelling for the May 20th eclipse in the US - recommendations for a location?	Similar to the question @Droogans posed - "Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?", I'm also keen to see this eclipse.  I originally thought it went over Vancouver, but it appears to be heading further south.  I've been perusing this page on all the cloud condition cover, and wondering really about anecdotal experience.  I think I've got it down to the following:   somewhere on the NW coast for the sea-side view Reno / Carson City Grand Canyon area Albuquerque   Now, the way I want to decide is this.  It comes down to four factors - visibility, cost, experience and distance.  Impressively, they seem to increase in cost AND experience as you go down the list.  However, visibility is the most important to me - I want the best chance of seeing it.  Reno doesn't seem to have much that appeals - all I know about it is the gambling side, and that it's not that far from Heavenly Ski resort where I was once offered a job ;)  Grand Canyon - which I was considering for a trip anyway, offers pretty good chance of no cloud, but it's a long way and will obviously cost more than a city break to Oregon.  Based on my criteria above - what recommendations would one suggest for this? 
6792	Travelling for the May 20th eclipse in the US - recommendations for a location?	Similar to the question @Droogans posed - "Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?", I'm also keen to see this eclipse.  I originally thought it went over Vancouver, but it appears to be heading further south.  I've been perusing this page on all the cloud condition cover, and wondering really about anecdotal experience.  I think I've got it down to the following:   somewhere on the NW coast for the sea-side view Reno / Carson City Grand Canyon area Albuquerque   Now, the way I want to decide is this.  It comes down to four factors - visibility, cost, experience and distance.  Impressively, they seem to increase in cost AND experience as you go down the list.  However, visibility is the most important to me - I want the best chance of seeing it.  Reno doesn't seem to have much that appeals - all I know about it is the gambling side, and that it's not that far from Heavenly Ski resort where I was once offered a job ;)  Grand Canyon - which I was considering for a trip anyway, offers pretty good chance of no cloud, but it's a long way and will obviously cost more than a city break to Oregon.  Based on my criteria above - what recommendations would one suggest for this? 
6802	Acquiring an international driving permit in the US	After reviewing "Are international driving licences really necessary for any country?" it seems like it might be worth my while to look into acquiring an International Driving Permit.  I'm having some difficulty determining exactly how one does so, however.  What are the requirements for obtaining an International Driving Permit as a US citizen, and where should I go to take care of the process? 
6835	What is a good app for tracking, sharing plans, and creating visualizations of travel?	I'm a long time Dopplr user and I really love the travel visualizations that they make available. Since they were acquired by Nokia all development has stopped and they've stopped issuing the excellent annual reports.  My question is, are there any good replacement web/app services that provide the same (or better) quality visuals and user experience, and are actively developed?  For the unfamiliar, Dopplr is an application that can be used to track and share travel plans. 
6835	What is a good app for tracking, sharing plans, and creating visualizations of travel?	I'm a long time Dopplr user and I really love the travel visualizations that they make available. Since they were acquired by Nokia all development has stopped and they've stopped issuing the excellent annual reports.  My question is, are there any good replacement web/app services that provide the same (or better) quality visuals and user experience, and are actively developed?  For the unfamiliar, Dopplr is an application that can be used to track and share travel plans. 
6864	Does Georgia (the country) have a museum or sculpture park of Soviet/Communist/Socialist art?	In Budapest, Hungary they have Memento Park. As covered in one of my previous questions, there is the Museum of Socialist Art in Sofia, Bulgaria. I recall reading that some other former communist countries in the area also have such museums.  But does Georgia have any equivalent? I'm about to leave the country after spending six months there and can't recall hearing about one, though I've seen some impressive and/or outlandish monuments, memorials, statues, mosaics, etc. about the country.  In light of the fact that Georgia is still removing and/or destroying some monuments of this type now, over 20 years after the fall of communism, do they also have a place which displays such relics?  (Yes I'm aware of the Stalin Museum in Gori. While it does have the statue of Stalin that was still in front of the local parliament building until a couple of years ago, it's certainly not the same thing.) 
6869	What publicly accessible tall buildings are good for views & photography in Manhattan?	There was a similar question for London... but what about New York City?   I'm mainly thinking (Midtown) Manhattan, but feel free to recommend awesome vantage points elsewhere in NYC too. If going to the place is free or cheap, that's obviously a big plus.  Including (or linking to) opening hours in the answer would be great. 
6870	Where can I go in Vancouver that's high up for a good view of the city for photography?	Yes, we have similar questions for Manhattan and London, but having just moved to Vancouver I'm keen to find something here - there are a lot of skyscrapers downtown, but I know nothing about them.  Either downtown with a good view of the harbour and mountains, or maybe elsewhere with a good view of downtown.  It doesn't need to be a building, just be easy to get to, cheap or free, and publicly available.  So Grouse Mountain probably doesn't work, as it is currently covered in snow and costs to get up, and is far away, although I've been told the views are spectacular. 
6870	Where can I go in Vancouver that's high up for a good view of the city for photography?	Yes, we have similar questions for Manhattan and London, but having just moved to Vancouver I'm keen to find something here - there are a lot of skyscrapers downtown, but I know nothing about them.  Either downtown with a good view of the harbour and mountains, or maybe elsewhere with a good view of downtown.  It doesn't need to be a building, just be easy to get to, cheap or free, and publicly available.  So Grouse Mountain probably doesn't work, as it is currently covered in snow and costs to get up, and is far away, although I've been told the views are spectacular. 
6880	Transit Visa for England	    I'm traveling to India From NYC via London, and my flight connecting time is 12 hours. Can i get visa on arrival for England?  
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6917	What problems and solutions arise with data access when travelling through multiple countries?	I am currently part way through a trip that will pass through at least 11 countries. I want to access data in all these countries. What problems am I likely to encounter, and what pragmatic solutions are there to get round them?  The problems that arise with data connections can be summarised as:   What ways are there of establishing and maintaining a connection? What levels of service are available? What location specific restrictions are there? How much will it cost me? How do I minimise costs?   All these problems interact - alternative ways of connecting will cost different amounts, and provide different levels of service. It is always worth asking the question - will some compromise approach suit my immediate problem better?  To make full use of this question, when you are answering any part of it, edit this question, or one of the main answers to reference your answer and then link your answer to the reference. 
6963	How long does it take to bike to Marken Island from Amsterdam	This answer suggested biking from Amsterdam to Marken island as a good tourist activity.  Is this a good idea? roughly how long would it take? 
6986	Managing baggage in transit at OR airport Johannesburg	I have an 8 hour wait for an international transfer at Johannesburg airport and will be changing airlines. I am very concerned about the stories of theft and tampering of luggage at this airport. How can I collect and recheck my bag when I am in transit? Then what do I do with the bag for that long? I want to plastic wrap the bag but am told that Australian airports do not have this service, is this true and can I do it myself at home before I leave? 
7033	Are there any websites that will find cheapest flights over a large date range?	    I need to go to Florida over the next 4 months.  I don't really care when it is (i have flexibility).  I want to find a site where i can say:   I want a 5 day trip I want to go any time in the next 5 months Typical flight constraints (non stop, etc)   Go find me the cheapest flight  Does this exist? 
7050	Must I cancel the return portion of an airline ticket if I decide not to fly it?	I'm considering not using the return leg of my plane ticket since I can't extend the return date beyond a year but I still have enough money to continue travelling.  When I told some friends that I should call the airline to cancel the return part of my ticket some said "Why bother since you're not using it and won't get any money back anyway".  Well I checked and indeed I can't get any refund. But if I don't cancel and don't board the plane, will an airline (Korean Air in my case) consider this as causing them some hassle and perhaps have some repercussions should I fly with them again in the future?  For instance perhaps they could've put somebody else in my seat if I had warned them by cancelling, but maybe they overbook all flights anyway so I'd actually be doing them a favour? 
7046	Is it too far to go to Eastern Europe on a 5-6 week holiday if I land in Paris?	So we're landing in Europe in September and planning to stay for about 5-6 weeks.  We plan to land in Paris as it seems to have the cheapest flights from Australia but also we have to go to France cause we have family in Lyon.  However, doing the family stuff, we're thinking of checking out Eastern europe. Places like Croatia, Slovenia, Austria and Czech Repulic.  I was thinking though, landing in Paris, we're pretty far from any of those countries. So is it worth it in the time we have to go all the way there and back? How long would it take to take a train from say Lyon to Vienna?   The other thing I was thinking was to maybe land in Paris and do the family visiting thing, then head east and then take off from one of those countries?  Is there like a major airport hub in Eastern Europe that would have cheap fares. 
7070	Renting a flat in San Diego for my son	    My 20 years old son and his friend are going to visit San Diego for a month in August and I'm looking for a place for them to stay.  He said he searched on Google and found some apartments, but in my opinion (I'm not sure about the rent prices there) they are very expensive, about $2,000 a month.  I wonder if there are cheaper alternatives, and how to find them. For example a campus apartment?  (We are from Italy) 
7081	Visiting the U.K. from U.S. -- how do I get British money?	    I'm going to the U.K. How does the whole thing with money work? Can I use my U.S. credit card there?  If so, will the bank charge extra to convert dollars into pounds?  I guess I'll need some cash for tips and whatnot. Just go into any bank?  Do people still use traveller's checks?  (It's been a long time since I've been outside the U.S., obviously.) 
7096	Business Trip Lodging in Manila?	I'm in the process of booking a 5-week business trip to the Legaspi area of Makati City in Manila.  Given the length of stay, a standard hotel is not only expensive but also lacks necessities such as kitchen and laundry.  I've been looking around on the internet and have found several apartment/condo listings for weekly or monthly rentals.  (For example, there are 5 listings on TripAdvisor which are exactly where I'm looking, walking distance from Ayala Ave. and Makati Ave.)  However, my concern is that these almost look like Craigslist ads abroad.  So I'm not entirely sure about sending money to such a listing.  Does anybody have any particularly good and reliable resources for finding lodging of this type?  Any other recommendations? 
7144	In the context of air travel, are layovers different to stopovers?	In a recent question somebody asked about a layover without mentioning how long the stop would be, thus implying it might perhaps be understood whether layover generally refers to a stop not requiring an overnight stay.  In Australia where I'm from we don't really use layover but we're familiar with it from American TV and movies, in which travellers never appear to take breaks between flights to stay a few days.  In Australia we do use stopover (it can also be spelled stop over and stop-over) and very often we do take a break on our flights, because they can be very long, to stay one night or many nights in a destination other than our ultimate destination.  So is it that layover means a short break where you just hang around in the aiport and stopover means a long break where you'll spend some nights in a second place en route to your destination?  Or is it that both words mean a stop, either short or long, and the only difference is which is the more popular in each country?  As evidence that they're not the same:   We currently have two separate tags: stop-overs and layovers The post "The Difference Between a Layover and a Stopover" on maphappy.org states "Technically, though, a stay in an intermittent city under 24 hours is a layover. Any minute over, and it’s a stopover."   As evidence that they're the same:   The Wikipedia article for Layover says it's also known as a stopover and does not include any information differentiating the two. Stopover also redirects to Layover. The talk page for layover on the English Wiktionary says that all print dictionaries count them as synonyms. Forum thread on opentravel.com   As evidence that the issue is not totally straightforward:   Neither of our tags have a tag wiki yet, suggesting they were not as easy to write as you might think. (I wanted to include how long the tags have existed but there seems to be no way to get this info even from the API) 2008 forum thread "stopover/layover" on wordreference.com where some people seem to think they're the same, and others think they're different. 2011 forum thread "stop over vs lay over" on wordreference.com which much the same mixed opinions as the 2008 thread. "What is the difference between stopover and layover ?" on Yahoo Answers mostly say they're the same with the lowest voted answer saying "I believe layover is overnight and stopover is an hour or more."     Note 1. I know I could've asked at english.stackexchange.com but we are the specialists in the domain of travel terminology. Note 2. I'm specifically asking about how these terms relate to air travel if it's the case that the meanings are more specific in this subdomain than how they're used elsewhere. 
7140	How does customs work if my layover is in a third country?	I want to fly from the US to Israel and am looking at a flight with a layover in Canada (PIT - YYZ - TLV).  How does customs work on such a multi-country trip?  Do I have to go through the process for both Canada and Israel (and then Canada and the US on the way back), or do I do it just once so long as I stay within the secure zone in the middle airport?  If it's just once, is it at the destination or in Canada? 
7144	In the context of air travel, are layovers different to stopovers?	In a recent question somebody asked about a layover without mentioning how long the stop would be, thus implying it might perhaps be understood whether layover generally refers to a stop not requiring an overnight stay.  In Australia where I'm from we don't really use layover but we're familiar with it from American TV and movies, in which travellers never appear to take breaks between flights to stay a few days.  In Australia we do use stopover (it can also be spelled stop over and stop-over) and very often we do take a break on our flights, because they can be very long, to stay one night or many nights in a destination other than our ultimate destination.  So is it that layover means a short break where you just hang around in the aiport and stopover means a long break where you'll spend some nights in a second place en route to your destination?  Or is it that both words mean a stop, either short or long, and the only difference is which is the more popular in each country?  As evidence that they're not the same:   We currently have two separate tags: stop-overs and layovers The post "The Difference Between a Layover and a Stopover" on maphappy.org states "Technically, though, a stay in an intermittent city under 24 hours is a layover. Any minute over, and it’s a stopover."   As evidence that they're the same:   The Wikipedia article for Layover says it's also known as a stopover and does not include any information differentiating the two. Stopover also redirects to Layover. The talk page for layover on the English Wiktionary says that all print dictionaries count them as synonyms. Forum thread on opentravel.com   As evidence that the issue is not totally straightforward:   Neither of our tags have a tag wiki yet, suggesting they were not as easy to write as you might think. (I wanted to include how long the tags have existed but there seems to be no way to get this info even from the API) 2008 forum thread "stopover/layover" on wordreference.com where some people seem to think they're the same, and others think they're different. 2011 forum thread "stop over vs lay over" on wordreference.com which much the same mixed opinions as the 2008 thread. "What is the difference between stopover and layover ?" on Yahoo Answers mostly say they're the same with the lowest voted answer saying "I believe layover is overnight and stopover is an hour or more."     Note 1. I know I could've asked at english.stackexchange.com but we are the specialists in the domain of travel terminology. Note 2. I'm specifically asking about how these terms relate to air travel if it's the case that the meanings are more specific in this subdomain than how they're used elsewhere. 
7140	How does customs work if my layover is in a third country?	I want to fly from the US to Israel and am looking at a flight with a layover in Canada (PIT - YYZ - TLV).  How does customs work on such a multi-country trip?  Do I have to go through the process for both Canada and Israel (and then Canada and the US on the way back), or do I do it just once so long as I stay within the secure zone in the middle airport?  If it's just once, is it at the destination or in Canada? 
7167	Should I book flights and accommodation before applying for a Russian visa?	I asked a question a while back about Russian visas. I have a follow up!   Are the dates on the invitation and visa a range, and not the exact dates of travel? I.e. if I applied for my invitation and visa with dates that covered the dates I expected to travel, with a good few spare at either end, would this be ok when entering the country?  Also: do people generally book their flights before applying for their visa?  
7217	Trains between Tbilisi and Batumi	How to get by train from Tbilisi to Batumi (on the Black Sea coast)? There should be trains, but the "Traffic General Schedule" on Georgian Railway's site does not mention Batumi (except for a Batumi-Ozurgeti commuter train).  How are the trains like? Are there sleeping cars and are they comfortable? 
2310	Which countries, if any, offer on-arrival work visas?	After seeing this question I began wondering - are there countries that say, Aussies or Kiwis (or anyone else) can get a work visa on arrival, or while in the country?  The best I've found is this:  http://www.anyworkanywhere.com/whvchart.html  which indicates availability of working holiday programs, but for several of them (Argentina for example) you are required to apply to Wellington (in my case) before being accepted.  Chile, on the other hand, you can't get one on arrival, but you can apply for one while being a tourist in the country.  So a chart or definitive source of countries where you can basically wander in and start working (legally) would be the ideal answer for this :D 
7240	Would visiting North Korea as a tourist cause problems travelling anywhere else?	You can take tours from China across into North Korea (or by train, in theory) - but assuming you do and get your passport stamped, are there other countries that will hold this against you?  For example, if you visit Israel, certain other middle-east countries get a bit iffy about that, to the extent that I've heard people suggest you don't get Israel stamps in your passport.  I'm wondering if this applies to North Korea as well, with any countries?  To clarify, I don't mean 'iffy' like America may question you about drugs if you enter from Colombia, I mean 'iffy' as in they may turn you away at the border, or worse. 
7272	Caribbean cruise for the backpacker?	I just read this answer on Caribbean cruises, which points out the importance of choosing a cruise line that fits your "style of travel". The answer, however, didn't give clues as to which lines cater to what audience.  That made me wonder… Do any of the companies running Caribbean cruises have anything at all like the following on offer?   Lots of stops, preferably also longer ones that allow you to really investigate some of the ports of call. A sociable atmosphere, and something aimed at "younger" people too; say, 20-40. (Or as long as the majority of the clientele aren't pensioners...) It should not be too family-centric either; maybe even some singles thrown in, if that's possible.  Not high-end, but not necessarily the most budget-conscious option either. ("Backpacking", in my opinion, doesn't always have to mean shoestring budget.) Maybe around 4-7 days. (However, if there are longer cruises that allow a lot of time for investigating the islands etc, or shorter cruises attracting a party crowd, feel free to mention.)   Also, I'd personally consider it a plus if there's a stop at any of these places:   Yucatán peninsula in Mexico Cuba (Yeah, I've heard the US and Cuba have some issues, but still. Maybe there are Canadian or Mexican cruises?) Curaçao San Andrés (Colombia)   I know a Caribbean cruise for the independent / backpacker style traveller might well be an oxymoron. I figured I'd ask to make sure :-) 
7272	Caribbean cruise for the backpacker?	I just read this answer on Caribbean cruises, which points out the importance of choosing a cruise line that fits your "style of travel". The answer, however, didn't give clues as to which lines cater to what audience.  That made me wonder… Do any of the companies running Caribbean cruises have anything at all like the following on offer?   Lots of stops, preferably also longer ones that allow you to really investigate some of the ports of call. A sociable atmosphere, and something aimed at "younger" people too; say, 20-40. (Or as long as the majority of the clientele aren't pensioners...) It should not be too family-centric either; maybe even some singles thrown in, if that's possible.  Not high-end, but not necessarily the most budget-conscious option either. ("Backpacking", in my opinion, doesn't always have to mean shoestring budget.) Maybe around 4-7 days. (However, if there are longer cruises that allow a lot of time for investigating the islands etc, or shorter cruises attracting a party crowd, feel free to mention.)   Also, I'd personally consider it a plus if there's a stop at any of these places:   Yucatán peninsula in Mexico Cuba (Yeah, I've heard the US and Cuba have some issues, but still. Maybe there are Canadian or Mexican cruises?) Curaçao San Andrés (Colombia)   I know a Caribbean cruise for the independent / backpacker style traveller might well be an oxymoron. I figured I'd ask to make sure :-) 
7273	Is it possible to travel to Cuba by sea (from e.g. Mexico)?	When I was reading about Cuba around the time I visited there (2008), I got the impression that the only way in is by air.  Now, as of 2012, is this (still) the case? Or are there any cruises, ferries, or other sea travel options for reaching Cuba, legally, from some of the nearby counties? (Either for a day-trip or a longer visit.)  I mean, Mexico is close. So are Jamaica, Bahamas, and many other island nations. (And Florida, of course, but I suppose we can count that out for now.) You can easily fly to Havana from e.g. Kingston, Nassau, or Cancún—it'd only make sense if you could take a boat too.   Image from Bing Maps  (For the purposes of this question, assume that the Cuban tourist card/visa is already sorted out.) 
7276	Internet access in Japan	What options are there in terms of prepaid Internet services? Are the charges reasonable? I will be there for no more than two weeks so prepaid seems to be the sensible option. 
7282	Getting from Kochi to Kodanad by public transport	How to get to Kodanad Elephant Training Center from Fort Kochi (early in the morning) by public transport? I know that there are taxis and tours available but 1000-1200 rupees for such a trip seems a bit too much.  Related - Where in India can one wash and play with elephants 
7315	Most effective way to bring money to India and Nepal	What is the most effective way to bring money for a backpacking trip to India and Nepal? Are ATMs available and reliable outside of the main cities? Do they charge commission? Or is it better to have cash? What currency is best? Does the exchange rate depend on the nominal and visual state of the banknote? 
7327	Truth about Georgian tap water (aka. can you trust canidrinkthewater.org?)	There seems to be some contradictory information on Georgian tap water around.  I was in Georgia recently (May 2012) for nearly a week, and mostly stayed in Tbilisi (in a hostel in an old building near the old town). Everyone at the hostel told me the tap water is ok, and I did drink it all the time without problems. Even the taste was ok to me.  However, I just came across a site called canidrinkthewater.org which claims the following:     Can you drink the water in Georgia? No.      If harbored, a parasite commonly known as Giardia, will settle in the   intestines of infected humans and cause a number of discomforts such   as diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and abdominal cramps. That is why it is   advised for people living and visiting Georgia to stay away from the   local water supply. If you want to know, “is the water safe to drink   in Georgia?” A strong No is the answer.   Now, I'd like to set the record straight on this. Was I just lucky for not getting ill, and were the people at the hostel wrong? Or is canidrinkthewater.org out-of-date or just plain unreliable, at least when it comes to Georgia?   (To assess the site's trustworthiness a little, I read entries on a few other countries, and those were mostly consistent with my experiences. The site does not seem to cite any sources, but it does provide a form for reporting incorrect info.) 
7325	What's the highest price a country charges citizens of another country for tourist visa?	Many countries charge money to issue visas to people wishing to enter, and many charge different fees for citizens of different countries.  On my current trip the most I've had to pay was $20. One other country I thought about visiting would've cost $100. And I've heard other travellers talking about some visas costing around $300.  I've been wondering which country charges the most for a normal tourist visa to citizens of which other country.  As a bonus question I'm also wondering which country charges the most for a citizen of Australia to visit.  To be clear, I am only interested in tourist visas for whatever duration - not other kinds of visas. I am specifically not asking about any other costs that a person applying for the visa might also have to pay. 
7268	Cheapest season to go to South Africa from North America	What is the cheapest season/months to visit South Africa from North America? How can one best take advantage of "low" season offers?  Looking at South African Airlines, summer flight fares (June - August) seem to be highest    BUT the hotel and lodge fares in South Africa seem to be lowest during the same time period as it's "winter" in South Africa.    Going at other times of the year when the flight costs are cheaper means that accommodation prices are higher. 
7268	Cheapest season to go to South Africa from North America	What is the cheapest season/months to visit South Africa from North America? How can one best take advantage of "low" season offers?  Looking at South African Airlines, summer flight fares (June - August) seem to be highest    BUT the hotel and lodge fares in South Africa seem to be lowest during the same time period as it's "winter" in South Africa.    Going at other times of the year when the flight costs are cheaper means that accommodation prices are higher. 
7268	Cheapest season to go to South Africa from North America	What is the cheapest season/months to visit South Africa from North America? How can one best take advantage of "low" season offers?  Looking at South African Airlines, summer flight fares (June - August) seem to be highest    BUT the hotel and lodge fares in South Africa seem to be lowest during the same time period as it's "winter" in South Africa.    Going at other times of the year when the flight costs are cheaper means that accommodation prices are higher. 
7268	Cheapest season to go to South Africa from North America	What is the cheapest season/months to visit South Africa from North America? How can one best take advantage of "low" season offers?  Looking at South African Airlines, summer flight fares (June - August) seem to be highest    BUT the hotel and lodge fares in South Africa seem to be lowest during the same time period as it's "winter" in South Africa.    Going at other times of the year when the flight costs are cheaper means that accommodation prices are higher. 
7354	Mangalore Junction Station to Mangalore Central Station?	How long does it takes to travel from Mangalore Junction Station to Mangalore Central Railway Station?  What is the distance? What modes of transport are available and what is their price?  Are local trains available at all times? 
7387	How do Hostels work in Europe?	I was wondering what are the Youth Hostel associations that I should join so I can use their beds when I travel round Europe?  Here are the main countries I will be visiting:   France Italy Croatia Hungary Austria Germany   How do hostels operate in Europe?  Will my YHA card work there?  In the UK if you do not have a YHA card you cannot use the hostel to sleep in.  What cards do I need to get to use Hostels in Europe?  Is there any discounts or promotional cards I can get that will reduce my costs?  http://www.yha.org.uk/  Note: I have only had experience of Youth Hostels when I was a kid travelling in the UK so things might have changed since then. 
7408	What is the best money exchange place to exchange dollars to PLN in Poland	I am looking for a place to change dollars to Polish zloty and I wonder where the best place to do such exchange is.  I am looking for exchange places in following cities (or nearby):   Wroclaw Krakow Walbrzych   Additionally can I ever count for an exchange rate that is better then what google shows? (06/01/12  1 U.S. dollar = 3.55219597 Polish zloty)   Does anyone knows a good kantor in wroclaw and what the exchange rate there is ?? What is the exchange rate at galeria dominikanska?? 
7408	What is the best money exchange place to exchange dollars to PLN in Poland	I am looking for a place to change dollars to Polish zloty and I wonder where the best place to do such exchange is.  I am looking for exchange places in following cities (or nearby):   Wroclaw Krakow Walbrzych   Additionally can I ever count for an exchange rate that is better then what google shows? (06/01/12  1 U.S. dollar = 3.55219597 Polish zloty)   Does anyone knows a good kantor in wroclaw and what the exchange rate there is ?? What is the exchange rate at galeria dominikanska?? 
7263	How to avoid suspicious looks when you are in the Western side of the world	Being an Arab with Arabian looks, after September 11 things have changed dramatically when Arabs or people with similar looks (Indians, Pakistanis, Turkish, Kurdish, Iranians...etc) go to the west side of the world (Europe and North America).  Some people just keep giving you 'that look' and I am not talking about racism here. I will give you an example.  In one of my flights from New York to Los Angeles (6 hrs flight) me and my friend were the only Arabs onboard a 767 wide body aircraft (around 200 passengers). Whenever I stood up to open the overhead compartment to grab something from my bag I would have that look from people. People would stop eating or reading or smiling and just keep looking at me till I am done and I am sure they are expecting me to take a bomb out or something like that!  If any one else stood up and opened a compartment no one would even care!  Same exact looks were also found in a train from Paris to Amsterdam. The funny part is when we arrive people who gave me those looks would smile at me and some even would talk or ask questions...it is like they are thanking me for not killing them :)  Another time I was taking a helicopter tour in New York, and when we were onboard there were two young American ladies and they were kinda shocked to see me and my friend onboard, They literally were making prayers and looking at us! And again after we landed they were talking to us and even took pictures together!  Another example would be in restaurants specially fancy ones, malls or museums.  Another funny thing, my friend's name is Osama and he has all funny kinds of treatment because of his name. People sometime can be so superficial and treat someone in a suspicious way just because his name.  For me it's funny but not always! Sometimes this bothers me a lot specially when you are the one being picked up from hundreds of people for a random check from a police officer and the way they deal with you sometimes is totally weird, they treat you like a potential threat while all you were doing is having some fun!  What's the best way to avoid this? 
7449	Does the term "middle east" cover a certain set of countries? Could I be misunderstood when using it?	This, to me strange, topic has come up a few times lately, usually about Iran not being a middle eastern country. In fact it just came up in the chat room but pretty regularly when chatting to people travelling here in Georgia too.  Here's the example from the chat room as stated by MeNoTalk a couple of hours ago:     unlike Iran, where public execution is so famous and on daily basis, Iran is not an arab country and not considered from middle east. persians are totally different than arabs. So do not mix up.   So I always thought that Turkey was the "near east" (not sure about all or part of the Balkans though), China and Japan were the "far east" (probably south-east Asia too), and the area in the middle around the holy lands and most Arab and Islamic countries were the "middle east" because they're in the middle (not sure about the Caucasus countries though).  But then I'm pretty regularly coming across people saying Iran is not the middle east. There's a good few Iranian travellers in my part of the world right now. There's not too many Israelis but I wonder if the same people would also tell me Israel isn't the middle east for similar reasons.  So my question was:  Are all countries between the "near east" and the "far east" then "middle eastern" countries?  Or is "middle eastern" supposed to be a synonym for "Arabic"?  I've assumed that "Semitic", "Middle Eastern", "Arabic", and "Muslim/Moslem" are all terms which cover overlapping groups of people and/or the places they are from - but do most people think otherwise?  But now my question is:  Is "middle east" a contentious term that should be avoided by people travelling in the area either to avoid upsetting people or simply to avoid being misunderstood? 
7502	Keen sandals for use in hot, dry climates	I've picked up the Keen's Arroyo II sandals recently, but I'm wondering if they'll be cool enough for my purposes. I'll be traveling though North Africa through June and July where temperatures are typically 83-96 degrees Fahrenheit (28-36°C). I'll be going on occasional treks through more rugged areas, where sandals may not be appropriate for things like hiking or running, but most of my time will be spent in cities interacting with the locals. I'm trying to pack as light as possible, but would this particular line of shoes be a poor choice for my travel plans?  
7553	Must see places while going through Belgium?	I'm going to travel by car from Netherlands to Luxemburg. Whole round-trip starts from the Baltics - Germany - Netherlands - Belgum - Luxemburg - towards Baltics. I'm not in a hurry and I would like to spend some time sightseeing.   I'm not looking for "just beautiful" buildings, famous statues, amusement parks or similar places where one could spend their all day and all their money.    Some examples from another countries I liked: Hill of crosses in Lithuania, Wieliczka(in Poland) salt mine, windmills in Netherlands, some great Castles   - things that make you go "wow" one way or another  What are a must-see places in Belgium?  
7553	Must see places while going through Belgium?	I'm going to travel by car from Netherlands to Luxemburg. Whole round-trip starts from the Baltics - Germany - Netherlands - Belgum - Luxemburg - towards Baltics. I'm not in a hurry and I would like to spend some time sightseeing.   I'm not looking for "just beautiful" buildings, famous statues, amusement parks or similar places where one could spend their all day and all their money.    Some examples from another countries I liked: Hill of crosses in Lithuania, Wieliczka(in Poland) salt mine, windmills in Netherlands, some great Castles   - things that make you go "wow" one way or another  What are a must-see places in Belgium?  
7563	Are there European equivalents of "Route 66"	Is there an equivalent to Route 66 available in Europe? Here I am not talking about the actual road with the number 66, but about a "trajectory" with a mythical connotation to its name. I did not follow route 66, but I guess due to its fame doing route 66 offer quite some touristic opportunities, compared to doing highway "john doe". I am aware of the international e-road network, but I am not so much interested in following one specific highway, more to do an interesting well documented road trip in Europe.  
7563	Are there European equivalents of "Route 66"	Is there an equivalent to Route 66 available in Europe? Here I am not talking about the actual road with the number 66, but about a "trajectory" with a mythical connotation to its name. I did not follow route 66, but I guess due to its fame doing route 66 offer quite some touristic opportunities, compared to doing highway "john doe". I am aware of the international e-road network, but I am not so much interested in following one specific highway, more to do an interesting well documented road trip in Europe.  
7579	Travelling Roman Roads	There is a question on mythical roads in Europe. I think that there are a couple of mythical and historical roads in Europe: the ancient Roman roads. It should be possible to follow their tracks approximately and to visit historical sites alongside.   Hence my question. Does anyone know about resources for the modern and motorized traveler who would like to explore these roads? They should ideally translate the old courses into existing roads. They should also describe relics and interesting sites that can be visited today.   Alternatively, if such resources do not exist, does anybody know about good and reliable historical books on the topic? I believe that with a reliable documentation, a modern road map and perhaps one or another guidebook, I should be able to knit something on my own.   Please note that I am mainly interested in the road network in Europe. Nevertheless, if you happen to have material on the Roman roads in Africa or the Near East, I will not dismiss it.   
7563	Are there European equivalents of "Route 66"	Is there an equivalent to Route 66 available in Europe? Here I am not talking about the actual road with the number 66, but about a "trajectory" with a mythical connotation to its name. I did not follow route 66, but I guess due to its fame doing route 66 offer quite some touristic opportunities, compared to doing highway "john doe". I am aware of the international e-road network, but I am not so much interested in following one specific highway, more to do an interesting well documented road trip in Europe.  
7585	What exactly is a open-jaw flight?	Recently, I was looking for a flight from A to B and then a flight back from C to A. Using my English dictionary, I found that this is called an open-jaw flight. However, several native English speaker stated, that they never heard the term. Others mentioned that it is only an open-jaw flight if BC is shorter than AB and/or CA.  Therefore I would like to see a canonical definition of an open-jaw flight. I'm also interested in a term that describes the flight legs described above. In German it is called Gabelflug, but what is the English term? 
7595	Should I take the "scenic route" from Indianapolis to Washington DC?	I'm going to USA on a business/pleasure travel for 1 week in mid-September, and booked open-jaw flight to Indianapolis and then flying home from Washington DC. Since this is would be my first time in the US, I was hoping I could spend a few days on the East Coast after I finish business in Indianapolis.  I am a big fan of overland travel, particularly trains, and thought I might get the train from Chicago to DC instead of flying so that I can sit back and gaze at the Midwest from the comfort of my seat instead of hauling butt through airports. Travel time seems to be around 18 hours.   Does it make sense to take the train instead of flying? Cost is not an issue, but rather comfort on the train, including amenities (such as Internet access and proper meals) and whether there's stuff to see through the window (and by stuff I mean mostly nature and not urban landscape).  
7571	No cheap, direct flights from Zurich, Switzerland to Vancouver, Canada?	In the middle of August, I want to fly from Zurich to Vancouver. Therefore I used various flight search engines to see what flights are available. I couldn't find a direct flight that is cheaper than approximately 5300 US dollars. Is this really true? I can't really believe that. 
7586	Accidentally travelling with a large amount of cash - epic fail!	With just under a week to go until I head for Europe I made an epic faux pas.  Instead of ordering a Visa debit card with 1500 Euro added to it, I have ended up with 1500 Euro in cash.  I cannot take it back to the currency exchange place as they will charge me a fee to put it onto a card etc.  I do not really want to be travelling around Europe with 1500 cash in my hand especially when I will be staying in hostels where it could be stolen.  Is there any Euro cards or banks where I could dump the cash and then access it when I need it ?  I will start my trip in France and will be there for 3 weeks.  Like a temporary bank account? 
7622	Are there detailed street-by-street maps of the 2012 Olympics torch relay?	The official map is plain horrible to use, and although they do have the exact route for all days except the last two (which are yet to be revealed), there's no way to get a proper list of streets or locations, or export the route to, you know, actual map/navigation application.  As to why I need this -- I challenged a buddy of mine, a London-ese, to snap pictures of as many torch relay runners as possible, on the condition that I provide him with an accurate street-level route plan. On the line are a number of beers, one for each photo, bragging rights, and of course, a handy conversation starter ("Did I tell you about that one time I followed the torch relay for a bet?"). So give a brother a hand!  I did some searching, and what I found are this this unofficial OpenStreetMap overlay and a nicer-looking interactive map found in The Guardian. I'd be happy with a detailed map of London only (say zones 1-6).  To preemptively address close-as-duplicate votes, there's this related question, and while somewhat helpful, it is not what I'm looking for.  
7612	Do I have to be Catholic to visit the Vatican City?	Are only Catholics/Christians allowed to visit the Vatican?  If not, can the non-Catholics access the same areas as Catholics? 
7636	Arriving in the US from a non Visa Waiver country	Visa Waiver program means that citizens of certain countries can come to the United States without the need for a visa. Germany is on this list. Poland is not.   A friend of mine has both Polish and German citizenship. He told me, that he always has to fly from Germany to US, if he wants to avoid the requirement of having a visa. Is this true? Does one  really have to fly from a visa-free country, to be able to enter without a visa?  Or maybe one has to always use Polish passport when travelling from there, if he is Polish citizen (multiple citizenship)? 
7648	what options & time needed to transfer between Gare du Nord & Gare Montparnasse?	    What are options &amp; time needed to transfer on 23/8/2012 bewteen Eurostar/Gare du Nord &amp; Gare Montparnasse ? 
7649	Are there any cheap ways to get from Jamaica to Cuba?	I'm looking for a flight from Montego Bay to Santiago de Cuba (preferred) or La Havana, but I can't find anything below 400 euros (my trip is one way, at the end of July).  Are there any cheap airlines, ferries, or cruise lines that serve this route? Is there a way to transit through another Caribbean island to save money? 
7650	How to transit through Delhi without a visa?	I have read a lot on this subject on the Lonely Planet forum and it looks like the staff on ground can transfer your bags through the Delhi airport if you have a connecting flight without you having to go out to check them in again and therefore needing a visa. I refer of course to the situation when you go with 2 different airlines, because otherwise the luggage is transfered automatically.  I posted a question about overground travel to Kathmandu and mentioned it briefly there, however I think this subject deserves a separate question and a detailed answer.  Does it depend on the type on an airline? I have read that Jet is no problem, what about AirIndia and IndiGo? And what about the incoming flight to Delhi from Europe or USA, do they all can hand over you luggage to the Indian airlines and pick it up again on the way home? Do you have to contact them before and explain your situation? Or check in your luggage directly to your desired destination? 
7656	Is it possible for Indian citizens to travel to Gilgit–Baltistan and Azad Kashmir?	The Kashmir region of the Indian subcontinent and has been under territorial dispute between India and Pakistan for decades. There are two regions in particular that are claimed by India but under autonomous Pakistani control: the provinces of Gilgit–Baltistan and Azad Kashmir.    Is it possible, then, for Indian passport holders to visit these areas?  (I was inspired by Nicolas Raoul's question to ask this one.) 
7665	What to do during a 4 hour layover at the Low Cost Carrier Terminal (LCCT) in Kuala Lumpur?	I have about a 4 hour layover at the LCCT in the evening.  This does not seem like long enough to get into the city and do anything useful.  (See also What options are there for a 5-hour layover in Kuala Lumpur? which is a related question about the main terminal.).  However, 4 hours at the LCCT sounds pretty boring.  I'll be travelling with 3 older teenage children.  Will I be able to transfer to the main terminal where there are more things to amuse?  Can this be done without going through customs and immigration?  I'm travelling on an Australian passport if that makes a difference for visas. 
7709	Minimising data costs (non-roaming) for travellers in the US and Canada?	A former colleague will be visiting Canada and the US in a few weeks and would like data and no roaming charges.  My understanding is that he'd probably pick up a sim card and go prepay.  For a short-term visit (2-3 weeks) what would be the best bet - is there one that would work in both countries (sans-roaming) or will he need two cards, and if so, what the cheapest option would be (focusing just on data costs)? 
7737	Why do tour operators use a trip kitty?	So as a follow up to my question of What is a trip kitty?  How does it work exactly?  I'm wondering: why do tour operators do this as opposed to bundling the costs into the tour price?   
7786	Must see places while going through Germany (middle section)	I have asked the very same question about Belgium. I really liked the answers I got from Must see places while going through Belgium  Edit: I will be traveling by car from Baltics to Netherlands or Belgium with a group of 6 people, ages varies from 20 - 50. Our direction really depends on the weather and we'll start working our way back from there. One way or another we will be interested in the middle part of Germany (part between Hannover and Nürnberg).  We don't have anything special were interested in, we would just like to see as much as possible while driving back to the Baltics. Also we would like to avoid tourist traps where one could possibly spend a whole day, like amusement parks, big cities, bars &amp; pubs etc.   We're looking sights where we could basically drive through (spend an hour or two and then move on). We're interested in anything that makes average Joe from another country go "wow" one way or another.  Earlier years we've used technique where we've looked POI's 50-100 km along the route from GPS and going through the country in a flowing manner.   Some style examples we've liked: Hill of crosses in Lithuania, Wieliczka salt mine, windmills in Netherlands, some great Castles, Nature beauty  Answer I liked from Belgium thread  What are a must-see places in Germany (middle section)? 
7783	Need malaria medication for Rajasthan in July / August?	I am going to Delhi and various towns in Rajasthan this summer.  This part of India is usually low risk but then again, it will be monsoon season.  I've been to see my GP who says it's a none to low risk area.  Any idea if Proguanil and Chloroquine is advisable for this area?  I am only going for 3 weeks.  Is it worth taking medication? 
7783	Need malaria medication for Rajasthan in July / August?	I am going to Delhi and various towns in Rajasthan this summer.  This part of India is usually low risk but then again, it will be monsoon season.  I've been to see my GP who says it's a none to low risk area.  Any idea if Proguanil and Chloroquine is advisable for this area?  I am only going for 3 weeks.  Is it worth taking medication? 
7798	Getting to Barrow, Alaska overland	I would like to drive to Barrow, Alaska. Mainly because it is the northernmost inhabited place still on the north American continent.  However, I understand there are no regular roads going to the place. Although the normal way of getting there is by either airplane (in winter) or ship (in summer), I've read some info that says it should be possible to get there by four-wheel drive, but none go into any detail.  So, the big question is: Can one drive to Barrow with a 4x4?   
7839	RTW-ticket or self buying on a world trip?	We're planning a 2-person, 10-month world trip. We want to visit at least two continents; South-America (Peru, Ecuador) and Asia (Jordan, Israël but also the southeast, say Laos, Vietnam) The exact locations are not clear yet, which could make answering this question a bit harder.  We got two possible options:   Buy a RTW-ticket for the long -and intercontinental trips, while getting small flights on location; No RTW ticket at all, and try to find the cheapest tickets available at that moment, for any flight.    Of course, the second option means more more work, although we have more freedom (no time / place restriction due to the RTW ticket.  Has anyone experience with this particular issue? 
7866	What is the northernmost location on the north american continent, reachable by four-wheel drive?	Since my original plan (Driving to Barrow, Alaska) seems impossible without turning the start of my world-trip into a major overland expedition, I'm trying to find out what the most northern location on the North American continent is, that can be reached by four-wheel drive.  I'm most likely looking for the name of a village/town/city or seasonal settlement, one that has roads/tracks leading to the place.  A likely candidate is Prudhoe Bay close to Deadhorse, being the start of the Dalton 'Highway' (a gravel road).  However, looking at maps, online resources, atlasses etc, I get the impression that there might be other locations with a higher latitude number? But many sources fail to list really small places/roads. 
7938	What do hotels (in the US) do to control and erradicate bed bugs? How good are they?	Related to this question. I've moved into a telecommuting position that requires me to travel to the worksite once or twice a month and stay in a hotel. One of the things I'm paranoid about is staying at hotels that may have had bedbug infestations in the past.  Simply put, I'm curious what measures do hotels take to prevent bed bug infestations? Is there anything special they do on a continuous basis? What do they do when bedbugs are found? How reliable are the techniques that they use? Are they usually successful? Have hotels become experts at bed bug removal? Or do the bedbug infestations typically recur? 
7319	Is it always wise to book flights as soon as possible?	So I'm booking flights to go to Europe in September n October.  And it's a long way off, but I've already noticed in the space of a week or so, that the prices have started creeping up. Not by much, but I've just realized that generally, the prices I was quoted a week ago is now a little bit more expensive.  Then again, out of interest, I've looked for earlier flights in like August or July, and some are even cheaper, so I don't know if it's just the general fluctuation of prices or if the flights on the dates I've set are really getting more expensive.  I kind of presumed that airlines have a kind of first in, best dressed type policy where the first couple of seats they sell on a flight is cheap then progressively more expensive?  But is that how it works? If so, on any given flight, a seat is not going to be any cheaper than it is now and therefore I should just book as soon as I can. Or should I be holding out for a while and monitoring prices until I get the price that I want and buying then?  
7940	Are the TSA rules legally binding?	A user asked  How do I minimize the chances of TSA agents confisticating liquids larger than 3 ounces?  My question is - are the TSA rules legally binding or not?  Whether or not you get charged if caught (you probably won't), are the rules actually LAW? 
7916	How do I minimize the chances of TSA agents confisticating liquids larger than 3 ounces?	I know as a fact that I've gotten liquids larger than 3 ounces through the TSA scanner systems (such as sunscreen). I was scolded one time for bringing a shampoo container, but I was still ultimately allowed to bring that container through.  In any case, how often are liquids larger than 3 ounces ultimately confisticated, if I put them in a ziploc bag where they can be clearly seen? 
7961	How to go from Bangkok airport to Khao San?	What are my options to go from Bangkok airport to Khao San Road? And what are the expected prices for this? 
7982	What kind of passport do I need when entering the USA?	I heard that you need a biometric passport if you want to enter USA. However, my friend has a biometric passport, but no fingerprints in it. Is this enough? And how long has the passport to be valid? Is it okay if it expires on the day after his return date? 
8023	How to travel from Montreal to Quebec City without a car?	This is related to Hiking around Quebec City  As I'll spend a few days in Montreal, then a few days in Quebec, I'd like to avoid renting a car just to go from one town to the other one. What's the most convenient (travelling with my wife and big backpacks)?  EDIT : viarail's web site doesn't seem to be able to manage online payments with visa card (no information given by the site on failure). Is somebody aware of a workaround to pay for train from another country ? 
8022	Hiking in the area around Quebec City	I've decided to go spend 2 weeks in Quebec with my wife this summer.  Our plan for now is to   spend a few days in Montreal (where our plane lands, coming from France) spend a few days in Quebec City rent a car and spend a week exploring Quebec's surrounding, maybe towards the north and Tadoussac, probably hiking a little in the mountains go back to Montreal (and take the plane)   I'd like to know where I can find hiking maps and topos for the region between Quebec City and Tadoussac. Is it possible to walk about everywhere in the mountains or are there many restricted areas ?  Any advice regarding small hiking trips in this region welcome ! 
6448	Applying for tourist visa for US in country other than your own	    Can British passport holders apply for a B2 USA visa from other countries, if they are living there? Or do they have to go back to Britain to apply for it? 
8102	Finding if a medicine is available in India	I`m going to travel to India and would like to know if I will be able to purchase specific medication there. Is there an official site or similar indicating what remedies are available at India?  Also, do some medicines require prescription for purchase there?  The medicine that I'm interested is Methysergide, which is called Sansert in the U.S. and Deseril in the U.K. 
8105	Is it easy to get prepaid SIMs in the US/Canada?	I'll be travelling in a family party to the east coast of the US and Canada and, as most people know, travelling in a party means you often need to keep in contact when seeing different things and trying to meet up, etc.  We were wondering if it's easy to get prepaid SIMs for our (Australian) phones and use them while we were over there?    Are there any catches to be aware of?  Can the same SIMs be used for Canada (Toronto) and the US, or should we just restrict ourselves to US-only ones?  What about data quotas for smart phones? 
8105	Is it easy to get prepaid SIMs in the US/Canada?	I'll be travelling in a family party to the east coast of the US and Canada and, as most people know, travelling in a party means you often need to keep in contact when seeing different things and trying to meet up, etc.  We were wondering if it's easy to get prepaid SIMs for our (Australian) phones and use them while we were over there?    Are there any catches to be aware of?  Can the same SIMs be used for Canada (Toronto) and the US, or should we just restrict ourselves to US-only ones?  What about data quotas for smart phones? 
8105	Is it easy to get prepaid SIMs in the US/Canada?	I'll be travelling in a family party to the east coast of the US and Canada and, as most people know, travelling in a party means you often need to keep in contact when seeing different things and trying to meet up, etc.  We were wondering if it's easy to get prepaid SIMs for our (Australian) phones and use them while we were over there?    Are there any catches to be aware of?  Can the same SIMs be used for Canada (Toronto) and the US, or should we just restrict ourselves to US-only ones?  What about data quotas for smart phones? 
8131	How busy is the Boston to New York Amtrak?	One of the answers to How rigorous are Amtrak in enforcing luggage rules? made me wonder how busy the Boston to New York train gets at the various points of day?  Also, what is busier: weekdays versus weekends? 
8139	Oyster Card - how does it actually work?	I have heard about the Oyster Card for London transportation network. You top it up with cash or credit card, and then you just swipe it in buses, subway, trains, and also when you leave the subway or train station. This way you are supposed to pay the lowest fare possible.   I wonder, is it really more cost effective, than daily or monthly tickets? 
8197	Availability of ATMs and exchange places in Morocco	I'm thinking about going to Morocco, and I would be avoiding the most touristic places.   I've read the question  When traveling to a country with a different currency, how should you take your money? which recommends withdrawing cash using a low/no foreign exchange fees card. However, I don't know if that'll be an option for me. What is the availability of ATMs in the country - outside of major cities like Casablanca and Marrakesh?  If a lack of ATM availability means I'll need to take cash with me,  I was wondering, what currency should I take? Would it be easy to exchange US dollars or Euro, and which should be more popular? Or maybe I should exchange money before and just bring Morrocan dirhams with me? 
8197	Availability of ATMs and exchange places in Morocco	I'm thinking about going to Morocco, and I would be avoiding the most touristic places.   I've read the question  When traveling to a country with a different currency, how should you take your money? which recommends withdrawing cash using a low/no foreign exchange fees card. However, I don't know if that'll be an option for me. What is the availability of ATMs in the country - outside of major cities like Casablanca and Marrakesh?  If a lack of ATM availability means I'll need to take cash with me,  I was wondering, what currency should I take? Would it be easy to exchange US dollars or Euro, and which should be more popular? Or maybe I should exchange money before and just bring Morrocan dirhams with me? 
8102	Finding if a medicine is available in India	I`m going to travel to India and would like to know if I will be able to purchase specific medication there. Is there an official site or similar indicating what remedies are available at India?  Also, do some medicines require prescription for purchase there?  The medicine that I'm interested is Methysergide, which is called Sansert in the U.S. and Deseril in the U.K. 
8216	Renting a car in Canada and drop it off in USA	I already asked a very similar questions here.  But this time I'm looking for a car for two weeks (end of August until first week of September). I want to pick it up in Montreal and give it back in New York.  Are there any cheap recommendations? I don't need any fancy things, just the cheapest alternative. 
8245	Entering Brazil by air, leaving by land, will I be denied entry?	I've just read this question  Travelling to Brazil without return ticket  which suggests that I will need to prove that I am leaving Brazil before the 90-day visa expires. If I was planning on leaving Brazil overland, how does this work? How do I prove my plans to go to Argentina by bus? Will I be denied entry, unless I have an air ticket out of there? 
8251	Trip in the south of Germany	I am planning an approximately 6-day trip in Germany with some friends(20-30 years old). From what I have read, there are plenty to see, so we will focus only on the southern part, namely the Bayern(Bavaria) and Baden-Wuertemberg regions. We are looking for... well everything: from museums and castles to remarkable sights in nature or Theme Parks(we wouldn't like to see some boring art gallery with paintings only). I have a plan-schema, but I am not sure about anything, so would you please provide some feedback?  First 2 days will be spent in Muenchen. There are a lot of things there, but I don't know what's worth seeing: is the German Museum(Deutsches Museum) better than the Technic Museum in Spayer? Are the Zoological and Botanical Gardens nicer than Wilhelma in Stuttgart? I am asking these in order to improve the trip. What else would you suggest here?  The third day we will focus on castles: Ettal Monastery, Linderhof, Neuschwanstein and Oberammergau. The problem is that we don't know by what means we should get to our objectives, since renting a car seems pretty expensive(from what I have found on internet, but please correct me if I'm wrong), so we will have only the trains and maybe some buses(anything else?). Any suggestions? Is there anything else in that area?  The fourth day, we would like to spend in Rothenburg, Wuerzburg(I don't know exactly what is here, but people seem to recommend it) and maybe Nuremberg (only because it's in the way). I don't know exactly whether we should visit these places(people here Germany, Switzerland, Czech Republic - Suggestions for 3 week vacation recommended it). What do you think about this?  The fifth day should be spent in the Black Forrest(Schwarzwald) also because of some recommendations, but nothing very clearly. Could you please tell me what is worth seeing there?  The last day will be spent at Europa Park. I read it's really cool. Please tell me if I'm wrong or if you have any suggestions.  We would like to see the Herrenchiemsee castle and Kehlsteinhaus(Eagle's Nest), but there is nothing else in that area(from what I currently know). What do you think about them? Is it worth staying another day just to see these two things(or anything else)?  I know this is a long text, but this place seems to provide some really reliable information. Does this sound like a good approach? Any suggestions or opinions are appreciated. No decision has been made, these are only the first ideas. 
8280	Beaches accessible from central Porvoo	I'm visiting Porvoo (known for its historic centre) tomorrow.  It's going to be quite hot (for Finland anyway) at 26°C, so, besides sightseeing, chilling at a beach and maybe even dipping in the Baltic sea sounds appealing.  However, even though Porvoo is on the coast (the town sits at the mouth of Porvoonjoki river at the end of a narrow bay of the Gulf of Finland), with a quick look it seems there are no beaches suitable for swimming near the centre...  Is there any nice beach that's easily accessible from the centre of Porvoo, by walking or public means (on a Saturday)? If so, how to get there from the Market Square (which bus etc)? (I have no car with me, and wouldn't want to pay tens of euros for a taxi.) 
8314	Re-checking luggage at connecting airports	I'll be leaving Morocco within the next week, and I'm wondering whether I'll need to re-check my luggage after my connecting flights. I fly from Casablanca to Frankfurt and Frankfurt to London via Lufthansa. From London I fly to Newark, this time with United Airlines. Will my luggage automatically be put onto all of my connecting flights, or will I be responsible for handling this?  I'm somewhat nervous about the Casablanca and Frankfurt airports. In Casablanca, I don't know how easy it will be to check in since I speak no French and only a little Arabic. In Frankfurt, I only have 54 minutes between my flight to London. And that's if the flight is perfectly on schedule. Will things at the Casablanca airport be fine? And is 54 minutes (potentially less) enough time to go through security and board my next flight? 
8289	How to get to Siem Reap (Angkor Wat) from Pakse by land?	If I'm in the south of Laos and would like to go to Siem Reap, what are my options by land? (include river boat if necessary in my 'by land' definition).  I've found one which is going from Pakse to Stueng Traeng and then connecting with Siem Reap, both by bus. That means taking two buses and wasting more than 10 hours (5+5 hours + waiting time and delays) and possibly having to sleep in Stueng Traeng where there is nothing interesing.  So, is there an alternative? I mean, is there a more direct way to get to Siem Reap that makes it sure that it can be done in one day (no overnight) or a city where I could stop that is worth a visit? 
8347	Daytrip castles outside Paris	We will spend a couple of days in Paris early fall and would like to spend at least one day visiting a castle or small town with old city centre. What options are there?  We have already done Versailles twice so we are looking for other places now. I think at most 2 hours one direction on a train or bus would be bearable (maybe a bit shorter on a bus). We are staying in the south of inner Paris in arrondisement 13 so I guess southwards would be preferable. 
8442	Are there offline maps for WiFI locations while traveling	I am an avid user of fon and if fon is not available use Skype out to get connected, with my Wifi-only iPad.   The only problem is to locate the closest Wifi point. It is a chicken-egg problem. You need Internet access to find Internet access.   Is there an app, or downloadable file, with all Wifi locations, to be browsed offline?   I would also settle for a social-media solution where the users share their wifi connectivity while traveling. As long as it allows caching for any given location. 
8465	Getting from Toronto to New York	I'm looking for a cheap and comfortable way to get from Toronto to New York.  By cheap I'm referring to anything below 100 USD. Comfortable means, that I want to have a regular seat on a public or private transport vehicle. It shouldn't last longer than 12 hours. And if possible the border processing should be as fast as possible. I would be fine with flying, train, bus, private cars, ships, etc. The transport opportunity should be available for 2 persons around the first week of September. 
8533	On a stop in Amsterdam with KLM, if I want to visit the city, must I pay another boarding fee when coming back to airport?	I'm planning a journey during my next vacation in Febuary 2013 from São Paulo to Paris. In one of my researches, I found a good flight option with KLM. The plane stops for 6 hours in Amsterdam (Netherlands) with all fees/taxes included. My doubt is, will I need to pay another boarding fee if, during this stop, I get out of Amsterdam airport to visit the city? Last year I did the same with TAP in Lisbon and had no problems with it. 
8597	Visiting both Taiwan and China having one passport	Can I expect to encounter any problem when visiting the Republic of China (Taiwan) after visiting the People's Republic of China or vice versa?  I mean, some countries have political clashes with each other, and sometimes such clashes just poison a traveller's life. It happens sometimes that a passport with stamped visa of one specific country is not even recognized as a valid document by another country.   UPD: I'll be most probably on Russian passport, but I believe it would be nice if you can provide any kind of information on this issue, specific to whatever citizenship - just like @Tom Squires have done. So it can be useful to any traveller as well.  
8463	Is there a Trappist brewery I can visit on a day trip from Ghent?	I am going to Ghent for a conference in October and have a Saturday and most of a Sunday to spend before flying out from Brussels.  Is it possible to visit one of the trappist breweries with public transportation in a day trip from Ghent or (preferably) as part of travelling from Ghent to Brussels on the last day?  If not - what other options are there? (Emphasis on brewery rather than trappist!) 
8518	Exchanging Euros (EUR) / Pounds (GBP) to Filipino Pesos (PHP)	I read a few questions about exchange rates, but my situation might be a little bit different, as I think I have more options to exchange currency.  I have bank accounts in UK, Spain and The Philippines. I'm going to spend 2 weeks in The Philippines, and because I know the use of credit/debit cards is not that common I would like to have Filipino pesos either in cash or in my Filipino account.  The best option so far seems to be MoneyGram as their exchange rate is higher than what I found in different banks. But I'm not sure if a local exchange office in Philippines would be better (or any other option that I might not know), I'm talking about 2000-3000£ (I prefer not to travel with that amount in cash..).  EDIT: I did some research based on @HaLaBi's comment about travellers cheques and I found this post in LonelyPlanet Thorn Tree. I also found this answer in Yahoo Answers, so I think I had to discard that option. 
8631	Visa run to Malaysia from Thailand	I'm in Thailand right now. My original plans were to go to Laos and/or Cambodia, but now these plans have changed and I'll only visit Thailand. I need to do a visa run as explained here and the only country I can visit without paying a visa fee or an expensive air ticket is Malaysia.   According to my plans I'll visit Krabi, so the question is, from Krabi, what's the easiest Malaysian border I can access to do a visa run? 
8249	How to order reservations for European trains online (with pass)?	I have a European rail pass, bought in the US, but to go really long distances I still have to order reservations (without ticket). The lines I'm particularly interested in are TGV in France, ICE, and Thalys. Everywhere I read says to do this at the station, but it seems like you wouldn't be able to make reservations for French trains from Germany, and if I wait until I'm in France it will be too late.  Deutsche Bahn's website only sells reservations for trains within Germany. Supposedly you can search and order them at raileurope.com, but every single one is "unavailable." raileurope.co.uk seems to work, but the prices for TGV lines are all about £18, much more than the €3-5 that this guy says they should be. Most other websites are a pain to navigate and only seem to sell full tickets in the end.  Surely there's another way? 
8686	Is AirBNB legal and legit in Canada?	This answer mentions AirBNB technically being illegal in New York and that causing issues sometimes with unprompted withdrawal of rentals.  Are they legal in Canada, and specifically Toronto? 
8689	Safety tips when leaving luggage and papers behind	    As backpacker, one does not carry all his luggage to every location, especially when visiting a certain city or the like. Some people gave me advice on how to hide/lock/store my luggage and valuable papers.   Stick your passport at the underside of a table with tape (as it is not recommended to bring it with you); Use trainstation lockers for your luggage (when available); Always carry visa/ creditcards/ money on your body; Never consult any maps in public, take a seat in a café to prevent a 'strayed' look. etc.   Does anyone know more handy "safety regulations" to take in consideration while backpacking?  I assume this should be a community wiki, as there is no right answer... 
8489	My passport expires April 2013, can I renew it after my travel to US in December or before travel?	My passport expires April 2013, can I renew it after my travel to US in December or should I do it before I travel? 
8738	How to travel if you are stateless?	After reading this question few questions popped up in my head. I know what a stateless person is after I read this wikipedia page but I could not find how do stateless people travel? if stateless people have no nationality then logically they have no passport.. if they do not have passport how do stateless people travel?  
8627	Is it safe to drive the Baja Peninsula?	I want to drive from Tijuana to Cabo San Lucas but I've heard of people being pulled over by corrupt cops and being hassled by people on the peninsula. I speak fluent Spanish and I'm pretty street smart. Should I be worried? 
8834	Insurance and car rental in US	I'm going to rent a car in California for a week soon and was wondering whether to purchase insurance along with the rental. Some sources, eg Rental Car Insurance – should I purchase it? What protection does my credit card provide? say I do need it, while a friend of mine claims the agency is by the law obliged to insure you and what you purchase is only additional insurance. I haven't been able to get too much additional information from the place I'm going to rent from. Can anybody give me a more informed answer? 
8811	What's the preferable option to book a flight?	I am very inexperienced traveler. I have a very basic question regarding booking flights.  On the Internet there are a few online agencies like Expedia, Kayak, Orbit. I don't really know what the difference between them is, they all seem pretty similar. I would appreciate if you could shed the light on it, what the difference is, etc.  Besides booking flights from an agent, I can book flights directly from the carrier, what's preferable?  I would like to consider my first example. I found a flight of SmartWings at a good price. On the site of SmartWings I found that 15 Kg of luggage can be transferred for free, on Expedia there was no information about free luggage, so I expect to pay for my baggage in the airport. This time I decided to book the ticket from Expedia, because as I understood they can cancel the flight within 1 day after booking, and just because I like to have the opportunity to make few steps back, I ordered from Expedia.  I'd like to know what's preferable, either to make an order directly from the carrier (SmartWings in my case) or from travel agency like Expedia, what are the advantages and the disadvantages of all of them. 
8853	Do I need Canadian currency for a brief visit to Winnipeg, MB?	I know that in some Canadian cities, US dollars are accepted pretty freely, but this is my first visit to Winnipeg; I expect to be using a credit card for almost everything, but may need cash for taxi fare, snacks, etc.  Can I get by with USD? 
8861	Do you have a GPS signal on board of a plane?	Does anybody know if there is a GPS signal available on board of a plane with a common and normal GPS receiver? 
8884	Absolute cheapest means of travelling long distance and duration	I know this is going to be a hard-if-not-impossible-to-answer question, and probably does not have one unique answer, but I do think it is relevant at some level for many people visiting this site.   What is the absolute cheapest means of travel, if the objective of the journey is the journey itself? This means at least the following:    a small amount of people (friends, wife+kids, ...) will be traveling always together the various destinations are usually improvised, far and widespread. E.g., there is no predefined course or plan to it The total duration of the journey will be several years   With these constraints, hitch-hiking is out of the question (who'll take on 4-7 passengers? it's unpredictable where you'll end up, e.g., virtually impossible to plan anything, etc.).  I have read many stories about sailing trips with this philosophy. It makes intuitive sense -- sailboats do not require fuel, hence the distance can (when the winds are right) be covered at no cost at all. But somehow I question whether this is true from an end-to-end perspective -- in general, sailboats at the size you'd need them don't come cheap (you'd have to rely on selling the boat when you're "done" traveling), there are costs for harbors around the world, you'd have to bring "special" food that stays well longer, the boat also requires fuel, etc. Plus you'd be kind of limited to islands or places near the shore.   An alternative I thought of would be to travel by car, e.g., buy a cheap car, travel, and sell it again (possibly at higher value). This of course assumes cars are much more easy to sell; not an unreasonable assumption I'd say. The only costs would then be fuel, which is only cheap in the US and some smaller states scattered around the globe. End-to-end, would this be cheaper?   In summary, I'd like to hear reports/stories/etc of the true globetrotters reading this question, regarding the cost of their means of transportation, how they compare, and in the end, which means of travel (or combination thereof) is generally the cheapest. 
8901	How to get from Istanbul Ataturk Airport to Yenikapi Ferry Terminal by public transport?	My flight lands in Istanbul Ataturk Airport at 2am on a Saturday. There's a ferry from Yenikapi to Bandirma at 7am, which I wanted to catch so that I can then catch an onward train to Izmir the same day.  Is it possible for me to get to Yenikapi Ferry Terminal on time to catch the ferry using public transport at that time of the day? Or if not, is it possible at all to get from the airport to Yenikapi later (there's a ferry later in the day too)? There seems to be a Havatas bus from Yenikapi to Ataturk but there isn't any indication as to whether this bus service runs the other way round too. 
8908	How to make the most of my first hostel stay	A number of friends of mine who travel a lot prefer to stay at hostels to save money and make lots of new friends.  It sounds exciting, and I'd like to try it out.  My first stay will be at a hostel in California later this week, and I want to make the most of it.  But I have no idea what to expect.  What should I know/say/do during my visit to make sure that my stay is comfortable, safe and (most importantly!) fun? 
8908	How to make the most of my first hostel stay	A number of friends of mine who travel a lot prefer to stay at hostels to save money and make lots of new friends.  It sounds exciting, and I'd like to try it out.  My first stay will be at a hostel in California later this week, and I want to make the most of it.  But I have no idea what to expect.  What should I know/say/do during my visit to make sure that my stay is comfortable, safe and (most importantly!) fun? 
8913	Which bus terminal in Istanbul for a bus to Bodrum?	My initial plan on arriving in Istanbul was to catch an early morning ferry out of the city and then making my way down by train to Izmir. However, now that I think of it, this plan sounds like an awful waste of one whole day travelling when I could save money travelling by overnight buses instead.  So my new plan is this: stay for a night in Istanbul, and then catch a(n) (overnight) bus to Bodrum the next day (on Sunday). I have seen this list on Turkey Travel Planner for buses to other cities from Istanbul and it appears that there are multiple bus terminals from which buses depart. Which one do I need to go to catch a bus to Bodrum?  Also, any idea about what the schedule is like, i.e., how frequently buses run between Istanbul and Bodrum (especially on Sunday, which is when I want to leave Istanbul)? The only site I've found lists timings only for one company (Aydin Turizm) and seems to suggest that there's one bus that leaves at 9.30pm. 
8914	Hotel Confirmation for Schengen Visa	    I just made a booking for few days in Paris. I used booking.com to make the booking and they took my credit card details but told they will charge me later. Can I use the confirmation email for my Schengen visa or will it create any problem as the card is not charged yet? 
8818	Travelling to Canada while pregnant	I know the US can be restrictive on pregnant women travelling there unless you provide them with:   due date medical insurance information length of time in US ability or plan to return home   Source  I can't find what kind of information, if any, would be required for entrance into Canada for a pregnant woman.  Can anyone point me to some authorative information? 
8940	Applying for a Schengen Visa even though there's still an existing unused visa	I am a Philippines passport holder who is currently living in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).  A few weeks ago, I applied for a Schengen visa and was approved (from Hungary). I previously intended to travel this coming September (out of panic). The reason for choosing September is because according to the documents required (for legal UAE residents), the residence permit should be valid for at least 3 months from the day of departure from the Schengen area. Since my residence visa would expire on December, I decided and rushed to apply for a visa instead.  However, just recently, I found a "loophole" in the Schengen visa application (for another country -- specifically Germany; although there could be others too) which didn't emphasize this 3-month residence visa rule.  My question is, can I apply for another Schengen visa (say, for October or November since this is my preference and not September) before my "supposed" September trip? Or say, while my visa is still valid (not expired, but haven't been used yet)? - My visa is from August 30 to September 20. - If I apply this week, I could get the visa in around 2 weeks, say August 29.  Or, should I wait for my visa to expire (September 20) and just apply for another visa instead?  I have had 2 previous Schengen visas that I've used last year and in 2010. It's only now that I am considering to not use and instead apply for a new one (if it is okay/possible to do so). 
8944	How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?	The last few days I had to use Canadian toilets. Now I'm from Europe and I'm used to Central European toilets:    As you can see, the water is really far down the toilet and if "things" fall in there, you won't get splashed. On the other hand, toilets in Canada look more like this:    As you can see, there is quite a huge flat area in the toilet that is normally full of water. So every time I take a dump I splash myself with water.  Seriously, how can I avoid that? 
8944	How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?	The last few days I had to use Canadian toilets. Now I'm from Europe and I'm used to Central European toilets:    As you can see, the water is really far down the toilet and if "things" fall in there, you won't get splashed. On the other hand, toilets in Canada look more like this:    As you can see, there is quite a huge flat area in the toilet that is normally full of water. So every time I take a dump I splash myself with water.  Seriously, how can I avoid that? 
8870	Can I get a cheaper one-way flight by booking and cancelling a flexible return leg for a refund?	I’m looking to book a one-way flight from the UK to a European city. The airline [I don’t think it matters which one specifically; this question is really about the principle] wants to charge around £400 for a one-way ticket, but only around £100 each way if I book a return. I can select different tariffs for the two legs, so it looks like it would be possible to book the (low-cost) “advance/saver” tariff for the outbound leg and a (refundable) “flexible” tariff for the return leg.  So can I book a return like this, fly the outbound leg, then cancel the return leg for a refund? Or am I likely to hit some restriction in the small print that will prevent me?  (I don’t know whether this kind of thing is frowned upon as “gaming the system”, or if it’s simply “using the system to my own best advantage”…) 
8951	GPS coordinate problem	I have coordinates for a travel site in the WGS84 format:  6413180-2059501  The location is supposed be a cave in Iceland but Google Maps points(after adding a decimal point) to a site in Sweden.  What am I doing wrong? 
8994	Should one bring a power strip when travelling from the U.S. to Europe so that one won't have to get more than one power adapter?	Since then you could presumably plug the power strip into the power adapter and then not have to get multiple power adapters?  Or is this unnecessary? 
9023	Is there a North American Air Travel Pass?	A friend mentioned last night that a friend of theirs was trying to find out about some sort of North American air pass - they believed with Star Alliance.  Are there air passes like this - that offer either unlimited or multiple hops for reduced prices? Not just with Star Alliance, but anyone?  And if so, what are the basic terms? 
9035	What to do when you can't print your boarding pass?	I just use web checkin for my flight tomorrow. After that I should have printed my boarding pass. However, I realised that this is not possible. So what can I do now? I have already checked in, but no boarding pass. Is there any way to print that again at the airport? Or is it enough if I have my confirmation number? Or the boarding pass as a PDF? 
9034	Avoiding the second leg of an international flight - different rates for a return ticket?	    I am in the process of booking a flight from LAX - ZUR. I found a flight for approx. 1100 USD. However, if I book that flight and then continue, after a 5 hour layover, onward to SVO, The flight is approx. half of the initial price, and the first leg of the second flight is the exact same flight as the first booking. Assuming I travel light and do not check any baggage, are there any potential issues with this? Seems like a hell of a way to save a good chunk of change. 
7930	What's a good way to generate solar electricity while driving?	I'm driving cross country and back this summer, and will be baking in the sun for most of it.  So I'm looking for recommendations for gear and/or strategies for harnessing some of it to make electricity to power phones, laptops, etc.  Does anyone has any experience with this? 
9035	What to do when you can't print your boarding pass?	I just use web checkin for my flight tomorrow. After that I should have printed my boarding pass. However, I realised that this is not possible. So what can I do now? I have already checked in, but no boarding pass. Is there any way to print that again at the airport? Or is it enough if I have my confirmation number? Or the boarding pass as a PDF? 
9027	Layover at Narita, Japan. Do I need a transit visa?	I am travelling from Delhi to Chicago and have two stopovers in between, one at Narita, Japan, and the other at Dallas, US; so my trip looks like: DEL - NRT - DFW - ORD. I am an Indian citizen. I do not hold any type of a Japanese visa, but do have a valid US F1 visa. The layover at Narita is for 4 hours and 5 minutes. I am planning to stay within the airport during this period. Does anyone know if I will require a transit visa at Narita? 
9027	Layover at Narita, Japan. Do I need a transit visa?	I am travelling from Delhi to Chicago and have two stopovers in between, one at Narita, Japan, and the other at Dallas, US; so my trip looks like: DEL - NRT - DFW - ORD. I am an Indian citizen. I do not hold any type of a Japanese visa, but do have a valid US F1 visa. The layover at Narita is for 4 hours and 5 minutes. I am planning to stay within the airport during this period. Does anyone know if I will require a transit visa at Narita? 
9047	Is there any possibility to ride on a freighter from Romania to South Korea?	In my previous question I pointed out that there is a very large Korean shipyard on the southern Black Sea coast of Romania.  This made me wonder if there might be any chance of hopping aboard a freighter from Mangalia, Romania to South Korea (I assume Busan)... Or at least whether Korean freight shipping lines are known to take passengers at least occasionally.   Korean ship docked at the Mangalia/2 Mai shipyard in Romania. Photo by the OP (hippietrail).  Has anyone here got any freighter travel experience? Where might I even check? Do people that travel this way enquire directly at shipyards or is it all done through agents etc? 
9047	Is there any possibility to ride on a freighter from Romania to South Korea?	In my previous question I pointed out that there is a very large Korean shipyard on the southern Black Sea coast of Romania.  This made me wonder if there might be any chance of hopping aboard a freighter from Mangalia, Romania to South Korea (I assume Busan)... Or at least whether Korean freight shipping lines are known to take passengers at least occasionally.   Korean ship docked at the Mangalia/2 Mai shipyard in Romania. Photo by the OP (hippietrail).  Has anyone here got any freighter travel experience? Where might I even check? Do people that travel this way enquire directly at shipyards or is it all done through agents etc? 
9047	Is there any possibility to ride on a freighter from Romania to South Korea?	In my previous question I pointed out that there is a very large Korean shipyard on the southern Black Sea coast of Romania.  This made me wonder if there might be any chance of hopping aboard a freighter from Mangalia, Romania to South Korea (I assume Busan)... Or at least whether Korean freight shipping lines are known to take passengers at least occasionally.   Korean ship docked at the Mangalia/2 Mai shipyard in Romania. Photo by the OP (hippietrail).  Has anyone here got any freighter travel experience? Where might I even check? Do people that travel this way enquire directly at shipyards or is it all done through agents etc? 
9113	Is there any common website for Spanish intercity bus timetables?	As I wrote in an answer some time ago, there are, in my opinion, very good bus connections in Andalusia (and elsewhere in Spain). But I don't know of a single site where you could easily check the routes, schedules, and prices for any intercity bus trips in Spain.  Checking websites of individual companies is a workaround, yes. And if you don't know what company runs a certain route, you can usually google it up; for example: "santander bilbao autobus" → at least Termibus and ALSA.)  But my question is, is there any good aggregate bus search engine for Spain? Something like Plataforma 10 for Argentina &amp; neighbouring countries, or Matkahuolto for Finland. 
9114	Are there any sites where I can buy a same day/following day flight?	    Are there any sites that show today's/tomorrow's flights that are available?  With 70% and more discounts?  Interested in flight to/from Israel. 
9111	Recommendation engines for tourism attractions?	Are there recommendation engines for tourism attractions? For example, if I told the program what kind of tourism attractions I like, and also what kind of price range, and also what I liked or didn't like about certain attractions I'd been to, it'd predict which attractions in a new city I'd be likely to enjoy. 
9160	Does it make more sense to stay in Lido or Venice?	We'll be in Italy in early October, and plan to stay about 1-2 nights in Venice.   For me, Venice is one of those places where you just HAVE to see if you're in Italy. Kind of like the Great Wall in China, the Taj Mahal in India etc. I know it'll be touristy, but you have to see it cause it's Venice.  Trying to book accommodation... and wow, seems very expensive there and much less expensive in Lido (wikitravel, wikipedia). So was wondering, is it worth staying in Lido and then taking a boat to Venice to check it out during the day?  We'll likely just be using Lido as a base so is it convenient to get to/from Venice or Mestre (where I assume we'll have to leave from)? How frequent are the boats and how long is the journey?  What is Lido generally like? Is it a nice place to stay on its own accord? What are the things I will miss out on by staying in Lido and not Venice? 
9177	How to find farm type stays / internships / volunteering other than via WWOOF?	In my previous question about looking for "work for accommodation" in South Korea, the subject of WWOOF (Worldwide Opportunities on Organic Farms or Willing Workers on Organic Farms) came up (▷home, ▷wikipedia).  It turns out that I've come across a few people who've had negative experiences with WWOOFing as well as those who've had great experiences. Another thing that might put people off is the fee to "join" or "register" or whatever they call it. You don't get access to the list of participating places until you pay this. I noticed that the fee for the Korean WWOOF was $50 USD. That's quite a bit for many of us, especially when you're not 100% sure what you're really getting.  Anyway I'm sure that there are similar places where you can stay and possibly help work on a farm in exchange for food and accommodation which are not affiliated with WWOOF so I'm wondering Are there any other ways to find such farmstay and similar opportunities around the world? 
9268	How officious is Etihad airlines at checking passengers return or onward tickets?	As mentioned in another question I hope to fly one way from Istanbul to Seoul on a one way ticket in the next few weeks, then while I'm in Korea decide whether to fly directly home or get a visa for China and come home that way, since there are lots of cheap flights I could use.  I know that officially people must have a return ticket or an onward ticket to be allowed to enter just about any country.  I also know that for many countries this rule is seldom enforced and many people travel around the world on all one-way tickets.  In researching this question I have read that it is up to the airline at the at the airport you board your flight to pre-screen people to make sure they have such return/onward tickets, and that airlines may be fined for any people the destination country rejects.  Personally I have never been asked to show a return or onward ticket in an airport at either departure or arrival (I have been asked for it when extending a visa at the immigration office in Mexico).  What I want to know is "Is Etihad known to strictly enforce this rule?" (At least from Atatürk Aiport in Istanbul if it makes a difference?) 
9277	Recommendation for prepaid SIM card in the Netherlands	I will stay in the Netherlands for three months and I'm looking for a prepaid SIM card with a cheap data plan (like, 200 MB free per month). In Germany, there are lots and lots of offers like this, but due to my lack of Dutch I have not been able to find a website comparing plans.  Are there any websites which compare the plans, or any specific recommendations for certain plans? Websites in Dutch are fine, too. 
9289	Road journey from Europe to Mecca?	I would like to go by road to Mecca, either by car or by public transport trains, has anyone tried the route? I have got information on how to travel up to Istanbul in Turkey but from there it is not that straight-forward / easy to reach Mecca, Is there a train service from Istanbul or a possible road journey to reach Mecca from Istanbul. 
9284	Can I buy a SIM card in Germany for a short duration?	I will be travelling to Germany for 9 days and I need a SIM card there as soon as I arrive at Frankfurt Airport. I can take a SIM from India with international roaming activated but that option seems very costly.  Is there a way to get a prepaid SIM in Frankfurt (preferably near the airport) with which I can make local calls as well calls to India? 
9319	Are there any women-only places in the world?	It looks like reports of a women-only city in Saudi Arabia are greatly exaggerated. But are there any other places in the world where the population is entirely or almost entirely female?  The place doesn't have to be particularly large, but there has to be a cause of it being mostly female. A town with a population of five where all five happened to be female wouldn't count. Ideally, the place shouldn't just consist of a single institution. For example, a single convent far away from civilization wouldn't really count.  If males aren't allowed into the place at all, then having displays or exhibits about the place available nearby would be good.  In case anyone is wondering, this is not a duplicate of Best world destinations for dating ! 
9329	Things to keep in mind when going to the Amazon rain forest	I am planning to visit the Amazon rain forest. Not the touristy places but a real adventure with a private guide (still trying to find out about that but most likely to French Guiana or Suriname, check Andra's answer here).   I am sure it is dangerous for people like me who know nothing about rain forests (I live in the middle of a desert). I am sure there are dangerous animals, bugs and plants and other stuff I can't think of.   What things I should know about before going there? I want to be well prepared. That includes knowledge and equipment...etc. 
9348	Visiting Helsinki during 5h wait between flights	Is it realistic to do a quick visit to Helsinki, if I have 5h waiting time between flights? If so, what kind of transport should I take and what is the landmark mostly worth seeing? 
9377	Which is the cheapest ferry to Jeju in South Korea?	A few months ago I dug up lots of information on getting to Jeju in South Korea, but I didn't find the prices.  Most of the websites are only in Korean so I'm throwing this one open to all our expert contributors. Which of the ferries to Jeju is cheapest?  Logically it could be the shortest / quickest. But you never know if that might involve a more modern or more luxurious ferry or a more expensive to run hydrofoil or something.   Wando is probably the shortest crossing. Mokpo could also be short but the information I found at the time was inconsistent and varied by several hours.   (I'll be hitchhiking and nearly broke so I have no constraints as far as time, frequency, location - just price.) 
9326	Can Westerners use the free Wi-Fi at Guangzhou international airport?	My route home at the end of my trip will have me on a 4-hour connection at Guangzhou airport in China.  I've read online that it's an unpleasant airport but it would be more bearable if I knew I would have free Wi-Fi access and electricity there.  I found a couple of sites saying free Wi-Fi was introduced at the end of 2011. [1], [2]  But a couple of the reviews mentioned the Wi-Fi had Chinese-only login, or that the English language link is broken. There is also mention that I might need a phone with a local SIM or an account on something I've never heard of.  Has anyone here used it? Do I need anything special to log in? Does it now have a working English language option? Can any Chinese speaker here tell a poor 鬼子 how to log in to the Chinese interface? 
9418	Will a UAE stamp in my passport cause problems entering Israel?	I will be traveling to Israel soon and am concerned because some colleagues have suggested that the visa stamps in my passport from the United Arab Emirates (eg Dubai) might cause me difficulties on arrival.   Is this something I should be worried about? And if so, any practical solutions?  (Related: Will an Iranian or Kuwaiti visa or stamp in my passport pose a problem on a future visit to Israel?) 
9456	What is a car-rental agency responsibility in checking for an appropriate license?	I have always traveled with the assumption that if you are able to rent a car in a foreign country and you have in all honesty provided them with the appropriate information, you are set to go.   The question on US licenses in Spain made me wonder if this is really a correct assumption. I know that it is possible to rent a camper in the US/Canada with a EU-B license, even if the total weight of the vehicle is higher the the 3500 kg allowed in Europe.   So, if I rent a car and the authorities in the end don't accept my license, can I blame the renting agency? 
9456	What is a car-rental agency responsibility in checking for an appropriate license?	I have always traveled with the assumption that if you are able to rent a car in a foreign country and you have in all honesty provided them with the appropriate information, you are set to go.   The question on US licenses in Spain made me wonder if this is really a correct assumption. I know that it is possible to rent a camper in the US/Canada with a EU-B license, even if the total weight of the vehicle is higher the the 3500 kg allowed in Europe.   So, if I rent a car and the authorities in the end don't accept my license, can I blame the renting agency? 
9473	Northern lights in Europe in late December	    What is the best place to see northern lights in Europe in late December? By best I mean (a) have the highest probability (b) the actual spectacle is the most spectacular. 
9528	Resource for information on airport lounges access for non-members?	I've been told sometimes you can get a club member with status to take you in as a guest.  I've also had a friend tell me, for example, in Santiago (SCL) he paid $30 to get in, which for a shower, wifi, and a buffet, was totally worth it for the day he was stuck in the airport.  Is there a website or something with an indication of what you can get into, if you don't have membership status, with costs, benefits and the like? 
9530	Is it a good idea to keep your home timezone sleeping pattern when traveling to a far timezone?	I will be traveling to a timezone 10 timezones ahead of mine. I need to be productive and work while I am there. I can't afford jet leg when I get there and then jet lag when I get back.  Is it ok for me to keep my home timezone sleeping pattern, essentially staying awake at night in the new timezone, and sleeping during the day in the new timezone? Someone told me this would severely mess me up. 
9535	Do any of the currency exchanges at Istanbul Atatürk Airport deal in Korean won?	I'm about to fly from Istanbul to Seoul and I have a useful amount of Turkish Lira (TRY) left but I don't have any South Korean Won (KRW) to pay for the metro to my hostel when I get there.  Several times in the past I've ended up being stuck with currencies that are very difficult to exchange in the country I've arrived in.  Can I buy KRW at the airport in Istanbul?  (I've also asked the reciprocal of this question, since Stack Exchange questions are meant more for the long tail than just for the original asker.) 
9534	Do any of the currency exchanges at Incheon International Airport deal in Turkish lira?	I'm about to fly from Istanbul to Seoul and I have a useful amount of Turkish Lira (TRY) left but I don't have any South Korean Won (KRW) to pay for the metro to my hostel when I get there.  Several times in the past I've ended up being stuck with currencies that are very difficult to exchange in the country I've arrived in.  Can I sell TRY at the airport in Seoul?  (I've also asked the reciprocal of this question, since Stack Exchange questions are meant more for the long tail than just for the original asker.) 
9536	Do ATMs at Incheon International Aiport in South Korea have high fees or bad exchange rates	At least a couple of times I've arrived from a long flight and headed to the ATM in the airport to get some local currency only to find out that the ATMs in the airport are special and will rip you off by either charging additional fees or just giving a worse exchange rate than usual (I can't recall which). The last time I remember this happening was in Narita, Japan some years ago.  This time I'm flying to Seoul and though I've been there before I can't recall if I've had to use the ATM or if they were a rip-off. I think I always had Korean money in advance.  So do the ATMs at the airport in Seoul cost the same as ATMs in the city or are they more expensive? 
9536	Do ATMs at Incheon International Aiport in South Korea have high fees or bad exchange rates	At least a couple of times I've arrived from a long flight and headed to the ATM in the airport to get some local currency only to find out that the ATMs in the airport are special and will rip you off by either charging additional fees or just giving a worse exchange rate than usual (I can't recall which). The last time I remember this happening was in Narita, Japan some years ago.  This time I'm flying to Seoul and though I've been there before I can't recall if I've had to use the ATM or if they were a rip-off. I think I always had Korean money in advance.  So do the ATMs at the airport in Seoul cost the same as ATMs in the city or are they more expensive? 
9554	Do US passport holders need more than 6 months validity on their passports to be allowed entry into the US?	I'm holding American passport when I enter the States on Sep 22 2012, with a passport that has the expiry date on Mar 2 2013. So it has slightly less than 6 months validity left, about 5 months and 9 days.   Will this be a problem? Or can US citizens enter the States with or without 6 months validity left on their passport? 
9568	I did an online checkin with Etihad with no access to a printer - how can I get my boarding pass now?	    I just went ahead and did the online checkin for my flight tomorrow with Etihad because I thought it might improve my chances of getting an aisle seat as I prefer.  But I wasn't thinking about boarding passes for some reason! Then I got a couple of screens in and was told that online boarding was complete and there were buttons to print out my boarding pass... but I'm on a netbook connected to a shopping mall free Wi-Fi and have no printer access. (Maybe I should've printed to a PDF but I didn't think of that fast enough.)  So I tried using my "Ethiad Airways record locator" code number to go back in. I found my flight details but I didn't find options to print out my boarding pass again.  Is there a way to print it out again from their website? Can I still get it at the airport even though I'm already checked in? Would they charge me for such a thing? What should I do? 
9516	What's the highest number of countries whose borders meet at a single point?	 What is the maximum number of countries meeting at a single point on earth? Where is it? What are the countries?  
9589	How can I tell if a visa agent is trustworthy?	I'm about to apply for a visa for an upcoming trip to China, so I'm looking into visa agents - those companies that will accept your passport and application documents by FedEx or UPS (etc.) shipment, submit the application on your behalf, pick up the passport with visa and ship it back to you. Because the process involves parting company with my passport, I want to be very certain that whatever visa agent I use will keep it secure and return it in the time frame that they say they will. Plus, of course, I also would like to know that I'm not handing a couple hundred dollars off to a scam artist (though I know this is quite unlikely). How can I tell whether a visa agent I'm considering is trustworthy? Is there anything like an accreditation procedure or a list of visa agents which are known to be legitimate?  The reason I wonder about this is that I have some concerns about one company which was suggested (if not necessarily recommended) by a colleague. On their website, they say that a visa application at the Chinese consulate in New York costs $140 plus a $60 service fee for 10 business day processing, or $160 plus $85 for 4 day processing; however, when I emailed them to confirm this, they said that $140+$60 was for 15 day processing and $160+$85 was for 10 day processing. Also, their web page says that the visa requires a confirmation letter from my US employer (in my case, my university), but this is not listed as a requirement on the consulate's web site. I know these are minor things, but it's enough to make me wonder why these inconsistencies are there, and whether they're signs of something I should be concerned about. 
9560	Using your passport / confirmation email as your ticket on a train from Barcelona to Lyon?	So currently traveling at the moment and last night i booked a train from Barcelona to Lyon. I used the tgv-europe.com and the last time I ordered a ticket from there it was easy, it just sent me a ticket via email.   This time however, it only had one option which was to send a ticket to a physical address. As I'm on the road, and I don't have a physical address, this is not possible.   However, as it also asked for my email and it also contained text under email text field that said "you will need this in order to collect or print your ticket", I thought well maybe they'll send me a real ticket but I should still be able to just show my email ticket.  When I received the email, it ended up saying that my ticket was being sent to me (I put down the address of the place in Lyon I'm going to) and that I can't use the email as a replcaement for a valid ticket.  What to do now? I've emailed them and not sure when they'll get back to me, I take this trip in about 12 days and not sure where I'll be in getting to Barcelona.   How strict are they with this not being able to use your email rule? If I had my passport with my identity, my credit card for which I made the booking and the email printed out with the correct seat numbers, would they be likely to let me on? 
9621	What is a good visa agent for obtaining a Chinese visa from the NY consulate?	As a followup to an earlier question: I'm planning to travel to China shortly, and I'm looking into visa agents - those companies that will accept your passport and application documents by FedEx or UPS (etc.) shipment, submit the application on your behalf, pick up the passport with visa and ship it back to you. I want to be very certain that whatever visa agent I use will keep my passport secure and return it in the time frame that they say they will. Can anyone recommend a good visa agent which operates with the Chinese consulate in New York City? I'm primarily interested in a good record with respect to passport safety and prompt service; cost is a secondary concern. 
9589	How can I tell if a visa agent is trustworthy?	I'm about to apply for a visa for an upcoming trip to China, so I'm looking into visa agents - those companies that will accept your passport and application documents by FedEx or UPS (etc.) shipment, submit the application on your behalf, pick up the passport with visa and ship it back to you. Because the process involves parting company with my passport, I want to be very certain that whatever visa agent I use will keep it secure and return it in the time frame that they say they will. Plus, of course, I also would like to know that I'm not handing a couple hundred dollars off to a scam artist (though I know this is quite unlikely). How can I tell whether a visa agent I'm considering is trustworthy? Is there anything like an accreditation procedure or a list of visa agents which are known to be legitimate?  The reason I wonder about this is that I have some concerns about one company which was suggested (if not necessarily recommended) by a colleague. On their website, they say that a visa application at the Chinese consulate in New York costs $140 plus a $60 service fee for 10 business day processing, or $160 plus $85 for 4 day processing; however, when I emailed them to confirm this, they said that $140+$60 was for 15 day processing and $160+$85 was for 10 day processing. Also, their web page says that the visa requires a confirmation letter from my US employer (in my case, my university), but this is not listed as a requirement on the consulate's web site. I know these are minor things, but it's enough to make me wonder why these inconsistencies are there, and whether they're signs of something I should be concerned about. 
9654	Are there any "Fantasy Passports" that are recognised by other countries?	I've read about the Conch Republic passports, and Hutt River, and am wondering - these so-called fantasy passports - are any of them actually recognised anywhere else in the world?  @mindcorrosive also pointed out the World Passport which the EU declared to be a 'fantasy passport'.  According to Wikipedia: the legality is one thing - they're legal to posess in NZ and the EU, for example, but the section on effectiveness is empty... :( 
9656	Are there any common, secret services offered by airlines to passengers onboard?	There are several services that many passengers are not aware of on-board airplanes simply because they are unadvertised.  For example:   Coat compartments. You can hang your suit in the airplanes cupboard! just ask a flight attendant! Birthday / wedding cakes. You can ask the reservation agent for wedding or birthday cake and they will bring it to you on-board! Stain remover. In case something spilled on your shirt, you can ask flight attendants to help and they will bring you the stain remover wet tissue and it really helps!   Are there any other common unadvertised services that exist on airplanes? 
9656	Are there any common, secret services offered by airlines to passengers onboard?	There are several services that many passengers are not aware of on-board airplanes simply because they are unadvertised.  For example:   Coat compartments. You can hang your suit in the airplanes cupboard! just ask a flight attendant! Birthday / wedding cakes. You can ask the reservation agent for wedding or birthday cake and they will bring it to you on-board! Stain remover. In case something spilled on your shirt, you can ask flight attendants to help and they will bring you the stain remover wet tissue and it really helps!   Are there any other common unadvertised services that exist on airplanes? 
9684	How to find a sauna/bathhouse in Korea that allows customers with tattoos?	Apparently here in Korea there is a similar common rule to in Japan forbidding people with tattoos from using public bath houses.  I was telling a couple of traveller friends in my hostel here about Korean jjimjilbangs and they really want to visit one, but they both have tattoos.  Korea is still very conservative but individuality is gaining momentum. There are places doing tattooing and piercing in the student/nightclub zone not far from where I'm staying but "normal people" definitely don't have tattoos yet, even much less so than in Japan, where western cultural trends are picked up a few years before Korea.  I've heard in Japan that the reason is because traditionally only gangsters have tattoos and a solution is to find the places owned by yakuza. But Korea is not Japan and I don't think there's an equivalent to yakuza here. (It turns out there is, "Kkangpae".)  If some saunas accept tattooed patrons in Korea, how would one locate them? At least in cosmopolitan Seoul it should be possible. 
9651	What documents should you carry with you when travelling internationally?	I actually saw this on a list of top new traveller questions, and figured it'd be a good one to have on here.  Obviously with international travel, you'll need your passport, but are there any other important documents you should consider taking with you when travelling? 
8747	Is it possible to get a visa for Kaliningrad in the neighboring countries?	I am planning to visit Northern Poland and then Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. I am thinking of going into the Russian state of Kaliningrad as well. I've read that compared to Russia proper it is easier to get a three day tourist visa for Kaliningrad. You don't need an invitation like for main land Russia.  I have a German passport and will leave from Berlin in the next few days. Is it possible to get a Kaliningrad visa in Gdansk or Vilnius in a day? 
9665	20 hours layover Dubai	    I will be in Dubai for a 20 hours layover in the middle of November. It will be a Tuesday (13th).  I know that I will have (as Italian) a free visa for visiting the city and that the downtown is only 20 minutes form the airport (by taxi or metro, right?).  What would be a good program for that layover? How much should I expect to spend? 
9709	Do hostels provide toiletries?	From my experiences at hotels, I'm used to toiletries (soap, shampoo, etc.) being provided.  Do hostels also provide these, or do I need to bring my own?  Do hostels provide towels as well, or will I need to travel H2G2-style? 
9757	Is Willer Express reliable?	I'm organizing few days in Japan and I would like to travel from Tokyo to Kyoto during the night.  In a previous question I asked for a good connection. I finally decided to use an overnight bus.  Does someone know if Willer Express is reliable?  For reliable I mean: can I be sure that the bus will be there or may I lose my money? Do they respect the time-table, at least for the departure? 
9773	Schengen visa query for my wife who is Nigerian but has leave to remain in UK	My wife (Nigerian) has leave to remain in UK for 2 years. We applied for a Schengen visa to go to Spain for one-month holiday which we did then came back to UK. She still has 4 months before it expires (it was a 6 month visa). Can we go directly to any other Schengen country now for another holiday, or do we have to go via Spain as they issued the visa? We would like to go to visit friends in Belgium. 
882	Shipping my car from Europe to Canada or the U.S	The plan is to drive my car (a small 4x4) from Prudhoe Bay1 (Deadhorse), Alaska to Cape Horn, Tierra del Fuego in Chile. I will be travelling for an undetermined duration, with a minimum of two years. (I know it can be done a lot faster, but it's about the journey, the destination is just an excuse).  We will leave in the first week of January, 2013. For various reasons, I've decided to bring my own car. So, I'll need to ship it from Europe to Canada.   My questions are:     Has anybody shipped a car between Europe and Canada or the U.S.?   What kind of cost am I looking at?   Any gotchas I need to know about?    Quick Update I'll be shipping from wherever is the cheapest option in Europe (mainland) and shipping to the cheapest option in Canada or the U.S.   Extra Information Many people suggested buying a car in either Canada or Alaska. But that does not answer the question I was asking : ) The car has some very nice base characteristics (very small, very good off-road ability, cheap) and in addition has special modifications for long range independent travel (such as, but not limited to, extended fuel- and water tanks) and in addition, I know this car's history so I can make an informed estimate about it's reliability. So, I've decided to bring this car. The question is now, what's the best/cheapest option to ship it.  I will likely not re-register the car in the U.S. nor Canada. I've heard from several travellers that it increases hassle if your car is registered in a different country than you live in, so, for now, the plan is to keep the car registered in my home country.  1) I Actually wanted to go to Barrow, but it turn out the 200 miles between there and Deadhorse are an expedition in itself. 
9656	Are there any common, secret services offered by airlines to passengers onboard?	There are several services that many passengers are not aware of on-board airplanes simply because they are unadvertised.  For example:   Coat compartments. You can hang your suit in the airplanes cupboard! just ask a flight attendant! Birthday / wedding cakes. You can ask the reservation agent for wedding or birthday cake and they will bring it to you on-board! Stain remover. In case something spilled on your shirt, you can ask flight attendants to help and they will bring you the stain remover wet tissue and it really helps!   Are there any other common unadvertised services that exist on airplanes? 
9884	Camera store near Dubrovnik, Croatia?	I'm travelling in Croatia with my Canon 5D Mark II, and I forgot my charger at home. Is there a store in or around Dubrovnik that would sell an LC-E6 or similar?  [Note this is a very similar question to this one; my itinerary has moved me onward, and I still don't have a charger.] 
9890	I have a U.S. tourist visa (B1/B2), is that enough to transit via U.S. airports?	I am going to Canada, I have a valid U.S. tourist visa (B1/B2). Can I transit via a U.S. airport on the way to Canada with this visa? Logically I know I can since I am allowed to enter the U.S. but I am just making sure. 
9893	What is the minimum age to drive and to rent a car for a trip between Los Angeles and Las Vegas?	I want to travel from SF to Las Vegas and spend 4 days in LA in the middle. Well I want to rent a car to do all the path, but the following question came to my mind:  What is the minimum age to rent and drive a car in California and Nevada? I am 24. 
9895	Website for budget hotels or hostels for Switzerland	I am planning to visit Switzerland at the end of the month.  My preferred places of travel are Geneva or Bern.  Could you suggest some online booking websites for budget hotels or hostels? 
9987	How does one recover from a (personal) disaster while abroad, travel-wise?	I was watching the Bond flick Die Another Day last night. In it, Bond ends up in terrible shape, but manages to escape to the shores of Hong Kong, where he strolls into the lobby of a swanky hotel, is instantly recognized, and equipped, and away you go...  My question is this: supposing I'm NOT going to be recognized, but I've lost my wallet, all ID, everything. How do I get reconnected with my financials? Let me make it clear, I'm not asking how I get a free room and masseuse with no ID, I'm asking how does a real person get a place to stay for the night, some fresh clothes and food.  Let's also assume that I AM actually paying for it, somehow, though I don't have cash or a credit card.  Thoughts? 
9987	How does one recover from a (personal) disaster while abroad, travel-wise?	I was watching the Bond flick Die Another Day last night. In it, Bond ends up in terrible shape, but manages to escape to the shores of Hong Kong, where he strolls into the lobby of a swanky hotel, is instantly recognized, and equipped, and away you go...  My question is this: supposing I'm NOT going to be recognized, but I've lost my wallet, all ID, everything. How do I get reconnected with my financials? Let me make it clear, I'm not asking how I get a free room and masseuse with no ID, I'm asking how does a real person get a place to stay for the night, some fresh clothes and food.  Let's also assume that I AM actually paying for it, somehow, though I don't have cash or a credit card.  Thoughts? 
10048	Daytime airport hotel at JFK?	I have a 9-hour layover at New York JFK. From 10am until 7pm (although I have to checkin at 3pm for personal reasons).  This being in the middle of a 2-day travel, I would love to take a break to shower and rest a bit. How can I do that for cheap?  I have 3 luggage and 2 carry-ons, if it matters... 
10048	Daytime airport hotel at JFK?	I have a 9-hour layover at New York JFK. From 10am until 7pm (although I have to checkin at 3pm for personal reasons).  This being in the middle of a 2-day travel, I would love to take a break to shower and rest a bit. How can I do that for cheap?  I have 3 luggage and 2 carry-ons, if it matters... 
10084	Where can I find a New Orleans rental property for a guys weekend?	We're looking to balance a proximity to the French Quarter and Bourbon street with a reasonable price and comfortable accommodations.  I've been searching VRBO, but the listings seem to emphasize the decor and charm of the property. I would prefer to focus on how sleeping arrangements and amenities.  Craigslist has listings as well, but many of those listings are warnings about scammers who advertise a fake rental property then take a deposit via check or credit card and vanish.  I'd prefer screened listings.  In our case we have four 40-somethings and we'd like to have separate beds, or couches.  Is there a site, or service that can find me a good short term rental for 4 days? 
10129	What (semi-)official hitchhiking spots exist in The Netherlands?	In relation to this question, what official hitchhiking spots exist in The Netherlands? Is there more than one such sign in The Netherlands, besides the one pictured at Gooiseweg (Amsterdam) in the other question? 
3346	Are there countries other than the Netherlands that support hitchhiking?	According to the Internet, the Netherlands support hitchhiking by placing signs (see picture) in spots that are a good location for hitchhikers. Are there any other countries that have such great support for hitchhikers?  I'm not asking if it is easy in other countries to hitchhike, but I want to know if other governments make some similar effort (like installing signs, legalize hitchhiking or provide official information about hitchhiking) to support hitchhikers.   
10088	Destinations with a tradition of elopement	What are some destinations with a tradition of elopement?  Gretna Green is a good example of this - it used to be the go-to destination for elopers in the UK, because laws in Scotland were less strict than those in England and Wales, and it was the first town over the border. It's mentioned in Pride and Prejudice along with other novels. Weddings were often done by blacksmiths rather than priests, and many weddings are still done over an anvil.  An equivalent in the United States is Las Vegas, often performed by an Elvis impersonator.  However, I'm not limiting myself to western countries. I'd be interested not only in specific towns associated with elopements, but also cultures where elopement has some tradition associated with it, so long as they are open to tourists doing such elopements.  In my case, it'd be an opposite-sex elopement, not a same-sex elopement.  Related question: Can you get married while traveling?  Background In case anyone's wondering, I'm not trying to get married without the knowledge of my parents. I'm wanting to know because weddings are getting too big and expensive nowadays. 
9991	Is it possible to draw out USD from an ATM in Zambia?	I will be travelling through Zambia over Christmas and a lot of the activities I'll be doing require payment in USD, and I don't want to carry the full amount in cash for my entire trip.  I'll be in these cities: Chipata, Lusaka, and Livingstone.  Can I draw out USD from the ATM in these places? 
10187	Does one tip in the US/Canada for bad service?	In Aus/NZ you don't tip, it's not generally part of the culture.  In the US/Canada you seem to tip for almost everything, but it's meant to be for a good job.  However I've also found some workers have the tips factored into their pay - ie if you don't tip them, they're getting less than minimum wage.  Therefore, should you still tip in these countries when the service is appalling? 
10190	What are the choices of cost-effective Lounges at European Airports?	Assume Mathew's earnings per year are more than 30,000 euros. He pays now for lounges: about 30 euros for one visit. So he pays now about 500 euros every year for lounges. He needs to travel only between Tallinn, Oslo and Helsinki.  Are there any cheaper methods to stay in lounges like by some bonus programs or Credit cards?  I am now thinking about a Diners Club International credit card, but I am not sure whether it is the best solution for my situation. 
10190	What are the choices of cost-effective Lounges at European Airports?	Assume Mathew's earnings per year are more than 30,000 euros. He pays now for lounges: about 30 euros for one visit. So he pays now about 500 euros every year for lounges. He needs to travel only between Tallinn, Oslo and Helsinki.  Are there any cheaper methods to stay in lounges like by some bonus programs or Credit cards?  I am now thinking about a Diners Club International credit card, but I am not sure whether it is the best solution for my situation. 
4632	How to deal with excess baggage?	I might have some excess bagage on my next flight with KLM. According to KLM's website excess baggage could be checked in online with a 20% discount.   Are there other options? Long, long ago there was always the option of sea mail. This is no longer offered.   What are alternatives for sending excess bagage cheaper then taking it with me on the flight? 
10221	How much to haggle for a hotel room in India?	I need to book a hotel in Delhi, India for mid-November. Someone suggested to me that I should haggle over the price for the room. Is it considered acceptable to haggle over hotel room prices in India? If so, by how much?  The hotel that was recommended to me is Hotel Lohmod which, according to Travelguru, normally charges 2184 rupees per night. I'll be booking the room by telephone. 
9426	Does Colombia require proof of onward travel?	I will be flying into Medellín within the next few weeks.  I purchased a one-way ticket, as I will be flying to Asunción after I leave Colombia.  I'm not 100% sure which city I will be flying out of, however, so I haven't purchased my ticket for Paraguay yet.  Will I be required to show proof of onward travel when I arrive in Colombia?  I am a US citizen, if that is important. 
9426	Does Colombia require proof of onward travel?	I will be flying into Medellín within the next few weeks.  I purchased a one-way ticket, as I will be flying to Asunción after I leave Colombia.  I'm not 100% sure which city I will be flying out of, however, so I haven't purchased my ticket for Paraguay yet.  Will I be required to show proof of onward travel when I arrive in Colombia?  I am a US citizen, if that is important. 
10247	Statistically, is there a safest seat on the plane if it crashes?	So to clarify, there are lots of different planes, so for the sake of argument, there are areas:   front left front right front middle forward front, right, middle over the left wing over the right wing middle, between the wings mid-way back, left, right, or middle at the back left, right, or middle pilot seat co-pilot seat jump-seat, if it exists   So that's 18ish possible safe zones in the plane.  Is there a particular area that statistically people have survived more (or less) in? 
5695	Where is the safest place in a train?	This morning I had to make a small (2-3 hours) train journey with a friend. He is a little anxious and unreasonable, and doesn't trust public transport. He won't fly at all and normally, he doesn't take the train, because he says it is too dangerous. Normally, he only trusts himself when he is the driver of his car. But today it was necessary to take the train.  During the journey, we had a discussion about the safest place in a train. I'm convinced that the safest places are in the back of the train, since normally, if a train has an accident, it either hits something head-on or the engine derails. So I assume that the impact is lower in the back of the train.  My friend argues that the places at the front of the train are safer. He has various reasons for that:    In case of emergency it is more probable that the electronic is working in front of the train. Therefore it is easier to open doors and get out of the train. He compares that with seats on a place directly around a emergency exit.  The driver of a vehicle always protects his side unconsciously. I can follow this argument in case of a car, but how should it work in a train?  Cars at the end of a train have a higher chance to derail.   So I'm not sure who is right. Are there any statistics about safest places in a train? I know that such things exists for planes, but how is it in trains? I would really like to persuade my friend, so that we can travel more together by train. 
10291	Can tourists visit the Citadel of Alessandria?	A recent question about the Lille Citadelle reminded me of my travels in Italy a decade ago where I was wandering around the outskirts of Alessandria and found a huge old citadel that was seemingly neglected and still in use by the military.  It turns out that the Citadel of Alessandria is listed by UNESCO but I can't find any information about whether tourists can visit it these days.  It has a homepage in Italian only which doesn't mention visiting. Wikipedia barely mentions it and Wikitravel and TripAdvisor don't mention it at all.  Another site which also seems to be a homepage contains lots of photos, including at least one which looks like a tourist entrance and at least one other which looks it precludes civilians from entering.  So are there any options to visit this citadel as of 2012? 
10319	Visa-friendly country for an international conference?	Let's suppose I want to organize a conference with one attendee from each country of the globe. Considering visa fees/problems, where would be a convenient location?  If transportation is not considered at all, I guess Antarctica or international waters are perfect, but a slightly more accessible/livable place would be appreciated.  Context: Last year's "Wikimania" conference happened in the USA, which lead to many problems, an organizer said "It's a shame that the developing nations have problems sending delegates to the US—I think visas were a bigger problem than funding." 
10322	Indian Trains Wait List - will I get a seat?	After the fiasco of registering an account to book train tickets online using my British VISA card, I finally got into a position of being able to book a ticket, but what it appears to be telling me is that I'm only being added to a wait list, which I assume means my tickets aren't confirmed.  Can someone explain how the wait list works, and what my chances are of getting on the train successfully?    It currently says the wait list is 7 The train is the Mandor Express, from Delhi to Jodhpur on the 18th of Nov   Update: So I got the train! Although it didn't get confirmed until a few hours before it was due to leave.  
10326	Where can I board an Airbus 380 using stairs instead of jetbridges?	The international airport of Suriname, doesn't have stairways (yet). Still KLM flies there with a Boeing 747. Making it one of the best places to board a 747. I always have enjoyed walking to the plane and then board it by climbing the stairs. The grandeur of the queen of the skies just grows on you boarding it this way.  Is it already possible to have a similar experience with an Airbus 380? 
10322	Indian Trains Wait List - will I get a seat?	After the fiasco of registering an account to book train tickets online using my British VISA card, I finally got into a position of being able to book a ticket, but what it appears to be telling me is that I'm only being added to a wait list, which I assume means my tickets aren't confirmed.  Can someone explain how the wait list works, and what my chances are of getting on the train successfully?    It currently says the wait list is 7 The train is the Mandor Express, from Delhi to Jodhpur on the 18th of Nov   Update: So I got the train! Although it didn't get confirmed until a few hours before it was due to leave.  
2767	Germany, Switzerland, Czech Republic - Suggestions for 3 week vacation	My wife and I are looking to take a vacation next year, in September, to the above noted countries. I would like to solicit the 'must see' places in those countries. I focus more on the history (ie. castles, monuments, museums, sights, buildings) while my wife focuses on the exciting edgy stuff (ie. restaurants, sights, shows, exotics).   Here are some places we are definitely going to:   Neuschwanstein Castle Baden &amp; the Black Forest Bern, Switzerland Salzburg (I know it's not Germany, but it's on the way to Prague from Bavaria) Karlovy Vary Hitler's eagle's nest Rothenburg Wurzburg Berlin   I'd like to get several dozen items on my list before planning our vacation. I would also like to know if taking the train would hamper our vacation? I'm not opposed to renting a car. 
10356	Is it possible to use the JR Pass at these stations in Tokyo?	I'm thinking about staying in this Horidome hotel because I read it's a good place to get to other places.  I'll buy a Japan Rail Pass, but I didn't understand if I can use it at nearby subway stations such as Ningyocho, Kodenmacho and others. Is it possible?  If not, is it possible to visit typical tourist places in Tokyo using the JR Pass? Or are non-subway railways mainly used to get to other cities, and subways have an extensive network that the tourist can't live without?  
10361	Should I buy the Suica & N'EX package to go from Narita to Tokyo?	I read in this post that maybe it's a good idea to buy this package to go from Narita to your hotel and have get some subway credit. This page states that for ¥3500 I can get a one-way trip plus some credit.  First question: how much credit? In the upper part of the page it says it's ¥1500, but the "See how much you save!" figure says "Includes a ¥500 deposit".  Second question: I think it's not worth it for me, am I right? Using Hyperdia I found out that to go to my hotel in Chuo-Ku (Kodemmacho station) would cost only ¥1390. Am I doing something wrong? If this is right, I find it hard to believe it would be useful to someone.  Obs: for my trip back to the airport I will use the JR Pass, which will not be available when I get to Japan (bought the pass for 7 days in my 9 day trip). 
10325	Fastest way to get from Suvarnabhumi Airport to down town Bangkok in the early morning	My flight lands in Bangkok at 1AM. Wikitravel states that the train stops running at midnight, it also states taxis will take between 45-60 minutes in rush hour.  Not being familiar with Bangkok rush hour times, how long would a taxi likely take departing between 1am and 2am from the Airport to central city?   Are there any better(quicker, or quicker and cheaper) options? 
10380	Are there any good radiation measurement devices to recommend when traveling to places with high radiation?	Are there any good radiation measurement devices to recommend to bring along when traveling to places that have radiation level that is not suitable for a 8 hour or longer stay? 
10390	I am looking for a hotel search engine for rural areas	I am trying to find a bucolic holiday destination, which means finding a nice hotel in a small beautiful village for spending some quiet time.  Most search engines are only finding major cities, and famous tourist-oriented places; for me one main factor is that it is not too far from the airport, and in my case I would like to find somewhere in southern Europe.  I am looking for a hotel search engine for rural areas.    
10394	How many accommodation types are recognized in German?	Next to the usual hotel aggregators like booking.com, expedia, etc I am using Google Maps to search for accommodation. It really works well if you search for accommodation in the local language.  For French I am using the following key words: Gites, chambre/maison/table d'hôte, gite rural, and I always find some nice places especially in bucolic regions in France.   So far I have only have identified Ferienhaus in German, having less options being returned by Google Maps. What are the synonyms in German known for the different types of accommodation available in rural areas?  
10390	I am looking for a hotel search engine for rural areas	I am trying to find a bucolic holiday destination, which means finding a nice hotel in a small beautiful village for spending some quiet time.  Most search engines are only finding major cities, and famous tourist-oriented places; for me one main factor is that it is not too far from the airport, and in my case I would like to find somewhere in southern Europe.  I am looking for a hotel search engine for rural areas.    
10399	How to calculate stays against 90/180 visa rules?	Some destinations have a "90/180 rule" which says you can come and go but you must not spend over 90 days out of any 180 days in the area. A recent question asked by a new contributor concerns this rule.  At least Schengen and Turkey have this rule, probably depending on where the traveller is from and what kind of visa they apply for.  Maybe I'm a dummy but I've always had a lot of trouble trying to add up how many days I've spent in such places when I've entered and left several times over recent months.  Is there an easy way to do this I'm missing or is it difficult for everybody? I'm guessing something based on counting backwards from the end date might be the trick?  Maybe you know of an app or website that can do this for you. 
10379	Schengen visa refusal	I got a multiple entry Schengen visa from 5-3-2011 to 5-9-2011 (valid for 6 months) last year during which I stayed for 42 days out of the allocated 90 days.  I again applied for a Schengen visa and I got it. I was given a Schengen visa from 17-9-2011 to 31-12-2012 for which I can stay up to 90 days.  I stayed for 82 days of the allocated 90 days for a Schengen visa and went out of the region without any question.  When I again applied for my new Schengen visa I was informed by the embassy that I overstayed during my stay in Schengen territories by 14 days.  The calculation they made was for the last 6 months. I applied on January 4th 2012 and they calculated from that day and informed me that I overstayed by 14 days and they rejected my visa.  In the last page of the passport they put some seal indicating application number for Schengen visa for which it was rejected.  Please let me know whether I will get a Schengen visa in the future as I am very much stressed about this. Also I have only a few pages left in the passport now. If I change my passport will it solve my problem? 
3927	Is it cheaper to get to Cuba from Miami or Cancún?	If I'm in Miami, what is the cheapest way to get to Cuba? Also, if I'm in Cancún what's the cheapest way to get to Cuba? 
10449	US Visa Waiver Program 90 day rule for US stopovers	It seems like I am stuck here. Can anyone help me with the following?  I am from Switzerland and currently do an exchange semester in Toronto. My flight from Zurich to Toronto included a 3 hour stopover in New York on August 28th. For this, I used the ESTA Visa Waiver Program. Since then, I have not returned to the USA. However, I have 3 US trips planned:   Nov 9 - 13, Visit New York and Boston  Nov 16 - 19, Attend a workshop in Buffalo, NY  Dec 12 - 23, Visit a friend in San Francisco. I return to Toronto by plane on Dec 23. On Dec 24, I fly back home (Toronto - Zurich).   It seems like for 1) and 2) are not issues. However, I may be stuck with the San Francisco trip, as I will be entering the US 106 days after my Stopover in NYC and leaving even later.  I suddenly figured out that the visa waiver program only allows stays of max. 90 days. I found the following information from US gov websites:        VWP travelers who have been admitted to the U.S. under the Visa Waiver Program and who make a short trip to Canada, Mexico or an   adjacent island generally can be readmitted to the U.S. under the VWP   for the original admission period. They do not, however, get a new   90-day admission period.   Under the VWP, time spent in Canada, Mexico, and adjacent islands counts towards the maximum of 90 days stay allowed under the program.    It is required to obtain a visa if you intend to visit the United States for more than 90 days.      Applying for a visitor visa can be problematic as it most likely takes too much time. According to the US consulate, it takes approximately 36 days plus administrative processing time.   I am trying to do everything to avoid cancelling my trip to San Francisco. Do you have any idea on how I shall proceed? Many thanks. Every response is appreciated.  Update: I do not have a student visa. This is not required because my stay is shorter than 6 months. 
10553	How to travel (relatively) cheaply by ICE trains in Germany?	When I first checked prices for ICE trains in Germany, I was a bit shocked by prices of over 100 Euros (in Poland not long ago the trains were the cheapest way of public transport).   But then I found out that there are some promotions such as BahnCard 25 and it's possible to travel cheaply if you book the ICE in advance (something similar to a plane).  But how is it in practice with these promotions? How to use them to really save money, for example, when someone wants to do a round trip once a month? 
10564	Where can I best exchange cash from USD to euro?	    I have sold some equipment and the buyer paid cash which I now need to change from US dollars to Euros. I'm wondering whether I will get a better rate in different countries. My options are USA (San Francisco, New York), UK (London) or Germany (Berlin). Does it make a difference where I am or is it just a matter of shopping around for best rates on the day? This is a cash transaction — please do not suggest ATM's, credit cards etc.  
10582	Non-US citizen traveling between states	I would like to know, if I need to carry passport while traveling inside states. I do have State ID and my living address is written in it, but I suppose I don't have permanent residency http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permanent_residence_United_States   According to this I need to: http://redbus2us.com/h1b-issue-at-immigration-checkpoint-within-us-must-carry-passport-visa-for-travel/  According to this I don't: Flying within the United States, Passport required? 
10588	Who to blame or what to do in case things go wrong with a booking through airbnb	I have been pointed to airbnb on several occasions. Although the idea behind that website is really nice, I never actually made a reservation through airbnb. Some times the offers are too good to be true and some times the responses you get from the hosts are not really building confidence. I almost always end up back on the good old booking.com and tripadvisor.com  My main concern with a booking through airbnb is that you arrive at your destination and the whole booking seems to be a scam and then you are stuck in an unknown city with your only refuge being a 4 star expensive hotel since all other accommodation options at that time have no vacancies.  In the dutch media there is a lot of attention to services like airbnb. Rental agencies and banks seem to actively monitor airbnb to find people not applying to their rental and mortgage agreements. A related question shows that legal issues apply in other places as well.   I really love initiatives like airbnb, but I always seem to end up using conventional aggregators where there is someone to blame if things go wrong. 
10598	18 hr layover in London....should I get a transit visa to explore London....is sightseeing allowed on a transit visa?	Details: I hold a Indian passport with a valid and unexpired US student visa (F1). I would be travelling from Los Angeles to Mumbai via a 18 hr layover at London Heathrow airport in December 2012. 
10601	Should I pay my rental car company a speeding and toll ticket in Canada?	Today I got an invoice from a major, world-wide known car rental company. It seems that I have used a toll express highway without paying and I also got a speeding ticket during my vacation in Canada. I don't want to discuss the ethics here, but is there any drawback if I don't pay the bill? Would I get into trouble when trying to rent a car with the same rental company? 
10604	What are the relevant passenger rights in case of international train travel in Europe?	What are the relevant passenger rights in case of international train travel in Europe? In my experience, railway carriers are often quite poor at informing travellers of their rights; people believe those rights depend on the flexibility of the ticket, but it does not depend on ticket type. The rights can not be signed away.  I am aware of the following two documents:   COTIF CIV, Uniform Rules concerning the Contract of International Carriage of Passengers by Rail (CIV), in any of the COTIF CIV signatories REGULATION (EC) No 1371/2007 OF THE EUROPEAN - EUR-Lex inside the European Union (and probably some other countries like Switzerland, Norway, ...).   In addition, surely each country and each carrier has its own regulations, but do any other relevant international treaties exist within Europe? 
10629	Amsterdam - How to reach the Iamsterdam square from Schipol airport and back in less than 3 hours?	    I have a trip planned for next febuary to Paris with a step over Amsterdam (KLM flight) of 5 hours and I'm thinking on visit some interesting attractions close to the Iamsterdam square on Amsterdam city. By looking on internet, I could not find a metro/train option to go from Schipol airport directly to that reagion.   What are my options? What are the cheap options to go there and come back in less than 3 hours? 
10673	planning flights - connection flights search engine	Is there any tool / online search engine where you can give it a list of possible departing airports, and a list of possible arriving airports, and shows you all the possible flights (connecting or seperate) and/or airlines that operate between cities,  that can take you there?  For example, I would give it:  Departing   Malta   Arriving   Sofia Varna Bourgas  
1006	Downloadable maps of China	Have met travellers cycling in Tajikistan, and they're hoping they can download maps of China - either road or cycle tracks (or both). They've searched high and low, and haven't found decent road-level quality maps.  Any suggestions for easily downloadable maps for a laptop? 
10641	Nice atmosphere in NY at night	I'm traveling to NYC soon. I'm trying to find nice places where to spend the night, but I'm not looking for discos, or music bars really. I'm looking for a place where to stay comfortable, perhaps a Jazz Club or something of that sort. Is there any other alternative? Something worth seeing at night in NYC? 
10792	Driving from London to Malaga, Spain. Tolls expensive?	I've been waiting a long time to get a car, and now that I have one I plan to do a road trip with friends and visit my parents who live in southern Spain.  I'm aware of the costs to get to Santander but what of the toll roads. What can I expect to pay in tolls driving from Santander to Malaga?  Also, if taking the ferry is not the cheapest method of getting to Spain, what is the cheapest way to drive from London to Malaga? 
10801	Where to print science posters in Paris?	I am going to Paris for a conference, but I failed to print a poster at home. How can I find a poster printing service with immediate printing of A0/A1/A2 posters in Paris (from pdf)? 
10837	Qatar - "stranded" for 8 hours	I will be "stuck" in Doha (Qatar Airlines) for about 8 hours during the night. Is it possible to leave the airport and visit Qatar for a few hours with a standard (Belgium) international passport? 
10891	Spain visa - must I make entire hotel payment, or is deposit enough?	I am a Kenyan student studying in the UK. I have a Tier 4 visa. I am applying for a visa to Spain, and one of the requirements is a hotel confirmation.  Do I have to make the full payment for the hotel, or can a deposit from e.g. Hostelworld etc suffice? 
10914	Having a Multiple entry Schengen Visa from Germany, Can I make a trip to France?	    I live in UK, and have obtained a 3 month valid Multiple Entry Schengen Visa from German Embassy. The Visa says maximum stay of 30 days during the 3 month validity. I made my first trip to Germany-Spain (1 week duration). Now, can I visit other Schengen countries (France / Czech Republic) without visiting Germany (and not exceeding the 30 day maximum stay period of course)?  I am not able to find a direct answer to this question on the embassy page. Any help is appreciated. 
4632	How to deal with excess baggage?	I might have some excess bagage on my next flight with KLM. According to KLM's website excess baggage could be checked in online with a 20% discount.   Are there other options? Long, long ago there was always the option of sea mail. This is no longer offered.   What are alternatives for sending excess bagage cheaper then taking it with me on the flight? 
10197	How are customs duties handled by the Fedex "Baggage Free" service?	Fedex offers a baggage free traveler's service.  It purports to ship your belongings to your destination rather than taking them on your person.  This raises a question:     How are customs declarations and duties handled when the destination is in a different country?  Luggage you take across a border on your person seems to be considered to be "personal effects" by default and not subject to customs duties.  In contrast, items shipped across a border via courier seem to be considered by default to be some sort of commercial item to which a customs duty applies.  Which leads to the question: How do you ship personal effects across a border so that they are not assessed customs duties? Does Fedex treat "Baggage Free" shipments especially at the customs clearing stage of shipping?  Or, is it up to the sender to make some special customs declarations in order to avoid customs fees?  
5786	Can you eat food refused by quarantine by Australian border control?	If some food you're bringing in is refused by quarantine, are they sometimes willing to let you eat it? Assume there isn't a massive queue behind you and the officer is in a good mood.  Background: I received some chocolates on Valentine's day in (no prizes for guessing!) Japan, and I'm returning to Australia. Chocolates should be pretty safe, though. 
10942	Is there free wifi in Sydney Airport?	I'm flying into Sydney airport in about a week, and there's a chance that I'll find myself wanting to look online for a last minute hotel. However, because I will just have arrived, I won't have had a chance to go and get an Australian SIM card.  Is there wifi available in Sydney Airport? And if so, is it free or paid-for? I'm particularly interested in the arrivals side for this, but information on departures side would be good for the future too! 
10957	How can you protect a fragile object like bottle of champagne in your baggage against breaking?	I tend to bring something quite fragile with me as cabin luggage. On my next journey I want to bring a special bottle of champagne (because of sentimental reasons). Unfortunately you can't bring a bottle with you as cabin luggage.  I already know that it is okay to bring a bottle of champagne as check-in luggage (even confirmed by the airline (Dutch).)  I am wondering how you can transport a bottle of champagne in your luggage in such a way it doesn't break easily. 
10978	Can you get to South West Rocks by public transport?	I'd like to dive the apparently amazing Fish Rock Cave in northern NSW. This video should give an idea of what the fuss is about - who wouldn't want to swim through an island with all those fish and sharks about!  One slight snag is that all the dives centres covering Fish Rock Cave are based in South West Rocks, which isn't on the Sydney-Brisbane railway line, and is on a peninsula away from the main road.  Is it possible to get to South West Rocks by public transport? Perhaps a bus from somewhere like Kempsey station (I'm planning to take the train again). Or do any of the hostels / dive centres do pick ups from the train? 
882	Shipping my car from Europe to Canada or the U.S	The plan is to drive my car (a small 4x4) from Prudhoe Bay1 (Deadhorse), Alaska to Cape Horn, Tierra del Fuego in Chile. I will be travelling for an undetermined duration, with a minimum of two years. (I know it can be done a lot faster, but it's about the journey, the destination is just an excuse).  We will leave in the first week of January, 2013. For various reasons, I've decided to bring my own car. So, I'll need to ship it from Europe to Canada.   My questions are:     Has anybody shipped a car between Europe and Canada or the U.S.?   What kind of cost am I looking at?   Any gotchas I need to know about?    Quick Update I'll be shipping from wherever is the cheapest option in Europe (mainland) and shipping to the cheapest option in Canada or the U.S.   Extra Information Many people suggested buying a car in either Canada or Alaska. But that does not answer the question I was asking : ) The car has some very nice base characteristics (very small, very good off-road ability, cheap) and in addition has special modifications for long range independent travel (such as, but not limited to, extended fuel- and water tanks) and in addition, I know this car's history so I can make an informed estimate about it's reliability. So, I've decided to bring this car. The question is now, what's the best/cheapest option to ship it.  I will likely not re-register the car in the U.S. nor Canada. I've heard from several travellers that it increases hassle if your car is registered in a different country than you live in, so, for now, the plan is to keep the car registered in my home country.  1) I Actually wanted to go to Barrow, but it turn out the 200 miles between there and Deadhorse are an expedition in itself. 
11039	Foreign car insurance for Canada and/or the U.S	Still working on my plan to Ship my car from Europe to Canada or the U.S. We're planning on leaving early January.  Shipping turns out not to be the problem. However, the next hurdle is: car insurance. My European liability insurance is not valid in the U.S. nor Canada. So, I'll need to purchase a car insurance for those two countries.  I've been searching on the internet, but I cannot seem to be able to find the answers I'm looking for.  So, my question is:    What insurance options are available to foreigners (we're Dutch) to insure a foreign, privately owned car* so we can drive it in the U.S. and Canada.  The cheapest options will be the clear winner here : ) It would be nice if one insurance would cover both countries, but if two separate insurances are cheaper, I'll opt for that.  *) a Lada Niva from 2007 
11047	Can we get a new visa waiver in Canada, for Alaska, when our old one expires in the US?	We are UK citizens driving from Patagonia to Alaska, then shipping home from New York. We hope to be in the US for 3 months, a couple of months in Canada then into Alaska for a couple of  months and then back into Canada and the US. But cannot find information about whether we can get a new visa waiver in Canada for driving to Alaska and then back into the US? 
11038	Take a nap in the United Club in Chicago O'Hare?	I'm bracing myself for a rather long trip: a 3 hour flight, 8 hour layover, and then a 16 hour flight.  Also, I will be getting up around 4am that morning.  So it will be really helpful if I can find a place to take a nap.  This question contains some information about AA Admirals club.  However, since I'm travelling with the United Airlines, I am thinking about purchasing a one-day-pass for the United Club (Terminal 1).  Will I be able to take a decent nap in the United Club? 
11047	Can we get a new visa waiver in Canada, for Alaska, when our old one expires in the US?	We are UK citizens driving from Patagonia to Alaska, then shipping home from New York. We hope to be in the US for 3 months, a couple of months in Canada then into Alaska for a couple of  months and then back into Canada and the US. But cannot find information about whether we can get a new visa waiver in Canada for driving to Alaska and then back into the US? 
4188	Chiang Mai Trek that doesn't feature Elephant Rides	I'm heading to Chiang Mai for several days at the end of January and I'm looking to do a 3 day 2 night trek, but I'm looking for one that doesn't feature elephant rides and it seems to severely limits my choices.  I'm not sure about the elephants living conditions and it seems like a potentially cruel setup for the elephants (please correct me if I'm wrong as I have not been there myself).  In summary, are there any recommended trekking trips in Chiang Mai that don't have elephant rides? 
7298	Visiting Monaco as an EU citizen -- what to think about?	I've never been outside of EU, so I could really use some advice before I put myself in a bad situation. I'm thinking about going to Monaco for vacation for a couple of days at the end of June. If this was an EU trip, I'd simply book train/plane tickets, book a hostel and be done with it.  Monaco is included in the Schengen agreement, so I suppose I won't need a visa, but what about things like health insurance? Is my EHIC good there?  Basically: What to think about?  Further, if I travelled to France somewhere close to the border, could I simply take the train to Monaco, or would the process be more involved? 
11086	When booking a hotel via an opaque site, is there any way to increase the chances of getting free wifi?	Following on from my question on last minute accommodation deals in Australia, I ended up booking something about 20 minutes before boarding my flight, which didn't leave a lot of time for research... I spotted a nice sounding 4* place on an opaque hotel booking site for not much more than a shared room in a hostel! The hotel offered a pool and spa, which sounded tempting after 24 hours flying, so I opted for that. The only snag was discovering that they wanted 1/3 of the nightly rate for wifi! Luckily the cafe next door has free wifi, and does very nice coffee :)  Opaque hotel booking sites (also known as "hidden hotels", "secret hotels" etc) can be great, because you can get some stunningly good deals as hotels shift excess rooms (some money is better than no money for an empty room!). However, to avoid undercutting the main hotel's booking, they don't tell you what hotel you'll be booking, just the area it's in (can be very big!), and some headline facilities of the hotel.  Is there any way when booking through an opaque booking site to increase your chances of getting somewhere with free wifi? Or at least cheap wifi? Or is this just a risk you take when using opaque sites (such as the rates almost never including breakfast)? 
2127	How to get from the Helsinki-Vantaa airport into Helsinki city centre?	How to get from the Helsinki-Vantaa airport into Helsinki city centre quickly and without paying too much for it?  Bonus question: how about if the flight arrives in the wee hours (say, at 03:00 am)? 
11125	Are there any tricks to book multi-city international flights?	Generally, multi-city air fares are much higher than round trip fares. Let's say I'm getting these flights (A-B-C-B-A) and I am staying in first B and C. It is actually a round trip with additional stay in first B. How can I get the best deal on this journey? 
11098	Transport options from Ha Tien, Vietnam to Kep, Cambodia	I've been looking for ways to travel from Ha Tien to Kep. Most of the information suggests motobikes (which sound high risk) or busses, which don't go until noon, and I was hoping to get away earlier than that. Are there other options, such as taxis or tuk tuks? I don't mind getting one to the border, and then another on the other side if necesary. 
11165	Is it possible to walk between all three terminals in Dubai Airport without leaving airside?	we are arriving into Terminal 2 on the 28th Dec and want to go to the business lounge in terminal 1 before getting a flight from terminal 3 eight hours later. We just want to know if we can go between the bu 
10956	How long am I supposed to stay out of Israel after 3 months tourist visa has expired	I am EU citizen (Greece). I was in Israel 2 weeks ago and I stayed around 3 months. I left 3 days before my tourist visa expired. How long am I supposed to stay out of Israel after 3 months tourist visa has expired in order to get another tourist visa? 
11173	For an affordable Educational School Tour what is the best time to visit Paris	I am planning for a School Tour to Paris. Looking for some good tips such as best time of year to visit, affordable transport method, cheap yet comfortable hotels etc.  So that we could have a good educational trip in a budget plan. 
9067	Are anti-influenza drugs containing pseudoephedrine legal in Georgia?	Are the drugs against influenza, that contains pseudoephedrine, legal in Georgia? Can I put them into my travel first-aid kit when traveling by plane?  This drugs have worked very well for me when I've caught influenza in mountains, but I know that pseudoephedrine has effects similar to amphetamine and therefore can be treated as narcotic in some countries... 
11219	Opaque hotel booking sites?	In this question, I first heard of opaque hotel booking sites. It sounds very interesting, but I don't know such a site. So my question is: Where should I start to look for opaque hotel booking sites? 
11221	Websites with flights TO a destination (from wherever)?	I know there are many sites which will allow me to find a flight to wherever from a given airport, but I haven't found one that would allow me to specify a destination and no starting location. Are there any? (Obviously, I'm looking for cheaper flights) 
11219	Opaque hotel booking sites?	In this question, I first heard of opaque hotel booking sites. It sounds very interesting, but I don't know such a site. So my question is: Where should I start to look for opaque hotel booking sites? 
9672	Visiting Formula 1 Monaco GP on a tight budget	Racing is in my blood. I love Formula 1 and I have already watched live races in Germany and Belgium. But I'm dreaming of the Monte Carlo GP.  The problem is - MONEY. So what's gonna be the cheapest way to see the Grand Prix weekend (Sa. + Sun.) live? The tickets are expensive enough (about 1000 EUR for 3 persons on the tribunes).    I think we will drive by car, flight tickets are too expensive on the race weekend. So we are looking for a hotel/hostel &lt;100km from Monaco. Must we drive with the car to the circuit or is there a possibility to go by train or bus? 
11250	Getting a tourist Schengen visa after working visa	Here's my situation. I am currently in France on an internship visa (different than a business and tourist visa) which ends next month. I'm interested in doing some traveling afterwards, ideally on a 90-day Schengen tourist visa. I'm willing to hop over to a non-Schengen country (like the UK) for a couple days and then come back to get the tourist visa if necessary.   This post seems similar to my question, except the OP is trying to get the tourist visa without leaving the Schengen area.  Is this allowed? Will the border patrol still give me the tourist visa after my internship visa expires? Will it work through the UK or should I go through another non-Schengen country? I have a USA passport. 
11254	Your address at destination: What if you don't know any address?	Often, when entering a country, you must fill a form that asks, in particular, where you will stay.  What if you don't know yet? Even worse, what if you don't have your guidebook in hand luggage, and thus can't even pick a hotel? (lack of preparation happens, especially when told by your company to immediately fly)  In such cases, would it be dangerous to write Hotel Hyatt? (because most big cities have one) Or will you get less trouble by just writing Sorry I don't know, I will choose upon arrival?  (not talking about North Korea nor Russia, where they actually check bookings) 
11259	How does one get to Lake Vivi, at the geographical center in Russia?	In 2008 I went to Novosibirsk, Russia, for a solar eclipse. We were told at the time that The Chapel of Nikolai the Miracle Maker in town marks the geographical center of Russia.  I also went back in 2011 on a trip across Russia on the train. Myth or out of date or whatever, it's apparently not true, and there's a monument on the shore of Lake Vivi indicating the true spot.    However, my interest now piqued, I can't find if it's even possible to visit this spot.  It seems fairly far north of the standard train lines.  Can one visit, or would it require a more substantial expedition to venture out into this region of Russia? 
11276	Expired Student Pass (Singapore)	    I was in Singapore and had to leave the country on an urgent family matter before having an opportunity to surrender my student pass card - which was valid for another month at the time - at the airport. I have been unable to return to Singapore since, and therefore been unable to surrender the card. I've had it for a year now and had forgotten about the card.  What can I do at this point? 
11306	Can you visit Parliament House in Brisbane? (the Queensland Parliament)	Having discovered that there's wifi in many Brisbane Parks, I walked past Parliament House (the home of the Queensland Parliament) whilst visiting the City Botanical Gardens. It looked quite interesting (CC Flickr photo below).  Is it possible to go around the Parliament? If you can visit it, do you need to book in advance (and if so how?), and does it tend to be booked up a long way in advance?   
11316	Machu Picchu in April: to reserve a tour or not to reserve?	I've seen this post about it, but I've dug a little bit more into the topic on the web and some people suggest to reserve in advance, in particular for the main Inca Trail.  However others say to wait and make cheaper reservations in Cusco (especially if I plan paths alternative to the Inca trail).  I'm actually now more oriented to go for the Salkantay path (I've been told it is equally beautiful), cheaper and less crowded. I hope to not miss too much by skipping the Inca Trail.  What do you suggest ? If I chose Salkantay rather than the inca Trail, am I going to lose a lot ?  Can I just wait and make reservation in Cusco two days before I want my tour to start? Or I risk not finding anything available? 
11322	What's the best day of the week to buy airfare?	Is there any day of the week when airfares are statistically the cheapest to buy? 
11379	Traveling to France before date of the long sejour visa	I would like to travel to France before the starting date of my long sejour visa. I thought it will be no problem since I can travel to the Schengen only with my passport without asking any permission for three months as tourist, but now I was told I have to enter France exactly the date that my long sejour visa says. Is it true?  I have read this post but I am not sure I found the answer.  Note: I have been calling the French consulate in my country since last Thursday but no one is answering the phone. I suppose they are  in holidays, but my flight is very soon so I have to know what to do as soon as possible. 
11341	Can a tourist buy a gun in the USA?	This came up as a discussion.  With recent incidents in the news, it's often argued by some members of the public in the US that guns are a requirement for safety, and that everyone should have the right to own a gun.  Obviously, they're talking about citizens.  However, if a tourist visits, surely they should have the same concerns (arguably more, since you don't know as much as locals).  Anyway, the question that is being asked here (and I'm trying to avoid politics as best as possible) - can a non-resident tourist buy a gun for their travels around the United States? 
11341	Can a tourist buy a gun in the USA?	This came up as a discussion.  With recent incidents in the news, it's often argued by some members of the public in the US that guns are a requirement for safety, and that everyone should have the right to own a gun.  Obviously, they're talking about citizens.  However, if a tourist visits, surely they should have the same concerns (arguably more, since you don't know as much as locals).  Anyway, the question that is being asked here (and I'm trying to avoid politics as best as possible) - can a non-resident tourist buy a gun for their travels around the United States? 
11427	Traveling by myself to Delhi, where is a social place to stay?	    I'm travelling for the first time in January. I'm going to India by myself and Delhi is the first stop. Where is a good place to meet westerners and other backpackers?   I've heard in general travelling is very social and hostels are the best places to meet people. However I've also heard that its harder than most places in India as most people don't stay in hostels. Can anyone give my any advice? I'm 27 and from the UK. Thanks  
11351	Meeting westerners in northern India?	I'm backpacking in northern India in January by myself. How easy will it be to meet other western backpackers and does anyone have any advice on doing so?  I've never been travelling before. I've always heard it's really easy to meet people but I've also heard India is little different as people don't stay in hostels very much.    I don't suppose it matters that much but I'm 27 and from the UK.  I'm flying into Delhi. I'm planning on seeing a few places in Rajasthan and going to Agra. Then a few days in Varanasi before I fly back from Calcutta.  
11447	Electronics during airport security process in South Africa	I'm travelling to South Africa for 3 months on an internship for school, and recently someone told me that they might take my laptop at airport security.   Can anyone tell me how this works? And does this apply for computers as well as cameras, phones, ... ?  I don't want to lose my laptop/camera/phone, nor do I want it to be taken from me. I would like to have my laptop and camera with me on the plane (personal luggage).  Is any of this true, or are there special actions that I need to undertake in order to get my electronics safe from Belgium to South Africa and vice versa? 
11451	Safety and practicalities of eating dolphin meat in Taiji, Japan	At a recent Japan festival, amongst the various tourist brochures I got, one was for Wakayama prefecture, which included a page for Taiji. If I visited there, I'd have to decide whether or not to eat what the town is best known for outside of Japan: dolphin meat.  What health effects, if any, should I be concerned about? Anti dolphin-hunting activists claim that dolphin meat is unsafe because of high levels of mercury, and the Japanese government recommends that children and pregnant women should avoid eating it on a regular basis. Is mercury (or any other toxins) of concern for one-off consumption of dolphin meat, so long as I don't regularly eat food high in mercury?  Is the meat available year round, or only during the hunting season? I am currently anticipating visiting Japan in late May, early June, but Wikipedia states that the hunt occurs from September to April.  Finally, is a foreigner ordering dolphin meat at an izakaya likely to be treated with suspicion of being an anti dolphin-hunting activist? 
11457	Can an American (USA citizen) visit Cuba and make a videodocument and put it on Youtube or sell to PBS etc.?	Can an American (USA citizen; no dual-citizenship) visit Cuba and make a video-documentary film and put it on Youtube or sell to PBS etc.?  Could some legal issues emerge? And if can, how to prevent them?  Because it will be documented on video that he visited Cuba.  Let's assume he will arrive to Cuba from Canada (and the same back). 
11451	Safety and practicalities of eating dolphin meat in Taiji, Japan	At a recent Japan festival, amongst the various tourist brochures I got, one was for Wakayama prefecture, which included a page for Taiji. If I visited there, I'd have to decide whether or not to eat what the town is best known for outside of Japan: dolphin meat.  What health effects, if any, should I be concerned about? Anti dolphin-hunting activists claim that dolphin meat is unsafe because of high levels of mercury, and the Japanese government recommends that children and pregnant women should avoid eating it on a regular basis. Is mercury (or any other toxins) of concern for one-off consumption of dolphin meat, so long as I don't regularly eat food high in mercury?  Is the meat available year round, or only during the hunting season? I am currently anticipating visiting Japan in late May, early June, but Wikipedia states that the hunt occurs from September to April.  Finally, is a foreigner ordering dolphin meat at an izakaya likely to be treated with suspicion of being an anti dolphin-hunting activist? 
11501	One-way versus return airfare tickets	It seems like one-way tickets are always more expensive than buying round-trip. But what if I have two destinations? For example I would like to go on the following itinerary this March:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  At the moment the cheapest way to do this seems to be:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; Austin --&gt; London  but that seems a bit ridiculous. Is there not a way to just buy a series of one way tickets that would follow the first itinerary? Please keep in mind, my main concern is price.  
11501	One-way versus return airfare tickets	It seems like one-way tickets are always more expensive than buying round-trip. But what if I have two destinations? For example I would like to go on the following itinerary this March:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  At the moment the cheapest way to do this seems to be:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; Austin --&gt; London  but that seems a bit ridiculous. Is there not a way to just buy a series of one way tickets that would follow the first itinerary? Please keep in mind, my main concern is price.  
11501	One-way versus return airfare tickets	It seems like one-way tickets are always more expensive than buying round-trip. But what if I have two destinations? For example I would like to go on the following itinerary this March:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  At the moment the cheapest way to do this seems to be:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; Austin --&gt; London  but that seems a bit ridiculous. Is there not a way to just buy a series of one way tickets that would follow the first itinerary? Please keep in mind, my main concern is price.  
11510	Buying airfare that permits a 'Free Stopover'	I will use my specific situation, but this should only be considered as an example which should be applied generally. My itinerary would be as such:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  and my goal is to do this as cheaply as possibly. After receiving this epic answer I learned that my best option is to find a flight via the US that allows for some sort of 'extend stopover.' referred to as a Free Stopover. Continuing my research I found a flight on the American Airlines website for a return ticket that has two stopovers, one in each direction:  London --&gt; Dallas --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; New York --&gt; London  for a very good price. To be clear Dallas and New York are stopovers. This would be ideal since Dallas is only a three hour drive from Austin. Now, the question is, how do I book this itinerary that allows an extended stopover. In other words, I would like to land in Dallas on Monday and then take the flight to Rio the following Friday i.e. 5 days later.   I realise there are already similar questions out there (such as this one and this one), but they don't cover the specific and pragmatic issue of exactly how to book such a ticket. Obviously, I can already just buy the ticket online, but how do I change the date of the Dallas --&gt; Rio flight?   EDIT   I should clarify, that the flight I found has two stopovers, but I only need the one in Dallas. Also, and I am not sure if I am becoming annoyingly redundant yet, but I am not looking to simply get a stopover, but to have what is termed a Free Stopover, that is being able to arrive in Dallas, but then have a flight for Rio scheduled days later, but still within the dates of my return ticket.  
11510	Buying airfare that permits a 'Free Stopover'	I will use my specific situation, but this should only be considered as an example which should be applied generally. My itinerary would be as such:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  and my goal is to do this as cheaply as possibly. After receiving this epic answer I learned that my best option is to find a flight via the US that allows for some sort of 'extend stopover.' referred to as a Free Stopover. Continuing my research I found a flight on the American Airlines website for a return ticket that has two stopovers, one in each direction:  London --&gt; Dallas --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; New York --&gt; London  for a very good price. To be clear Dallas and New York are stopovers. This would be ideal since Dallas is only a three hour drive from Austin. Now, the question is, how do I book this itinerary that allows an extended stopover. In other words, I would like to land in Dallas on Monday and then take the flight to Rio the following Friday i.e. 5 days later.   I realise there are already similar questions out there (such as this one and this one), but they don't cover the specific and pragmatic issue of exactly how to book such a ticket. Obviously, I can already just buy the ticket online, but how do I change the date of the Dallas --&gt; Rio flight?   EDIT   I should clarify, that the flight I found has two stopovers, but I only need the one in Dallas. Also, and I am not sure if I am becoming annoyingly redundant yet, but I am not looking to simply get a stopover, but to have what is termed a Free Stopover, that is being able to arrive in Dallas, but then have a flight for Rio scheduled days later, but still within the dates of my return ticket.  
11510	Buying airfare that permits a 'Free Stopover'	I will use my specific situation, but this should only be considered as an example which should be applied generally. My itinerary would be as such:  London --&gt; Austin --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; London  and my goal is to do this as cheaply as possibly. After receiving this epic answer I learned that my best option is to find a flight via the US that allows for some sort of 'extend stopover.' referred to as a Free Stopover. Continuing my research I found a flight on the American Airlines website for a return ticket that has two stopovers, one in each direction:  London --&gt; Dallas --&gt; Rio de Janeiro --&gt; New York --&gt; London  for a very good price. To be clear Dallas and New York are stopovers. This would be ideal since Dallas is only a three hour drive from Austin. Now, the question is, how do I book this itinerary that allows an extended stopover. In other words, I would like to land in Dallas on Monday and then take the flight to Rio the following Friday i.e. 5 days later.   I realise there are already similar questions out there (such as this one and this one), but they don't cover the specific and pragmatic issue of exactly how to book such a ticket. Obviously, I can already just buy the ticket online, but how do I change the date of the Dallas --&gt; Rio flight?   EDIT   I should clarify, that the flight I found has two stopovers, but I only need the one in Dallas. Also, and I am not sure if I am becoming annoyingly redundant yet, but I am not looking to simply get a stopover, but to have what is termed a Free Stopover, that is being able to arrive in Dallas, but then have a flight for Rio scheduled days later, but still within the dates of my return ticket.  
11213	Volunteer travel in South East Asia / Africa	I want to go for a volunteer trip to  south-east Asian countries or Africa. Although I found a website called STAtravel. I am looking for some more pointers for a lesser price. As far as skills are concerned, I am software and electrical engineer and a flute player with English knowledge and I can teach yoga too. 
11560	Can you receive an Australian passport stamp if you ask?	I am a big fan of all things analog &amp; souvenir-ish, and I am planning a visit to Australia. I was discouraged to hear about the ETA and that it means you do not get a stamp... but I know some places still give stamps at their discretion (like the USA, I'm Canadian so we don't usually get stamps but it has happened).  On an Australian immigration website, there is mention that Australian citizens can get their passports stamped upon entry/exit to Aus, but there's no mention of foreigners being able to do so and I was wondering if anybody knew.  
11567	How, specifically, can I travel between Taiwan and Okinawa by sea?	This is a followup to a previous question of mine where we established that it is possible to travel between the Philippines, Taiwan, and Japan.  So now that we know that it's possible, and because this idea keeps coming back to me, I'd like to get some specific answers to how to do the one leg:   Which shipping companies would take a passenger between Taiwan and Okinawa (or some southerly part of Japan)? And how can I contact them? What range of prices should I expect for the cheapest options in either direction?  
543	Is it possible to get from the Philippines to Taiwan to Japan (or the reverse) without flying?	It's not that I have a fear of flying but it seems the best way to see Island countries is by island hopping and these three countries are all relatively close to one another if you take into account their most outlying inhabited islands.  I know there used to be a ferry between Taiwan and Japan that went out of business in 2008. And there seems to be no ferry between the Philippines and Taiwan either.  So how would a true adventurer do it? Can you pay fishing boats or the boats that presumably carry goods between these countries?  I should make it clear that I don't expect to be able to do it on one single boat. One from Philippines to Taiwan and another from Taiwan to Japan would also be good. (More changes would also be good.) I've also included the reverse journey in the question as I'd consider either way to be a great adventure.  Also at which points can I legally enter each country for customs and immigration purposes?  And would it be a lot more difficult to find a boat starting in Japan which I assume to be a much more strictly controlled country?  (Please don't answer "just fly it's easier", such answers will be off topic.) 
11571	Why is Melbourne-Singapore-Melbourne return flight is costlier than Singapore-Melbourne-Singapore return flight?	    I am trying to book a return flight from Melbourne to Singapore, but it is costing me AUD 999, i.e. almost 60% more than Singapore to Melbourne return flight (which is SGD 800 i.e. approx AUD 600). I am not able to understand the reason behind this.    Both the flights MEL-SIN-MEL and SIN-MEL-SIN involves one flight each from Singapore to Melbourne and Melbourne to Singapore, the only difference is the order of flights.    Note: Both the prices are normal, regular prices and not a sale price.  What is the reason behind this? 
11590	Boeing 787 Dreamliner Routes to Oceania?	I've looked into pre-orders for the 787 Dreamliner before, but so many of them are delayed or not active or not on scheduled routes, I thought I'd ask here.  United was meant to have a route from Houston to Auckland, but that doesn't seem to have gone ahead as expected.  China Southern was alleged to have one from Guangzhou to Sydney, but that's not appearing anywhere either, as far as I can see.  Is there a route from North America to Oceania (Australia or New Zealand) that uses the 787 for all or part of the journey? 
11623	I am from South Africa, visiting the UK and would like to apply for a multiple entry Schengen visa to visit Paris. Is that possible?	And will it possible to use the Schengen visa to visit Italy etc? 
11629	Travelling from EZE (Buenos Aires, Argentina) to the Retiro Bus terminal	    I am going to be travelling in Argentina and need to get from the EZE airport to the Retiro Bus Terminal. I speak very little Spanish though will be working on it between now and my trip. What is recommended as the easiest/safest way for a non-spanish speaking tourist to get to the Bus Terminal? Thanks so much! 
11633	Travel to Cuba as dual citizen (USA+other)?	Suppose I am a U.S. citizen with dual citizenship with another country.  Citizens of this second country are allowed to travel to Cuba.  Suppose further that I live and work outside the United States and have a non-U.S. bank account containing funds in a currency other than dollars.  If I travel to Cuba using my passport from this 2nd country and using my non-U.S. financial resources, could I get into trouble upon return to the United States?  When I return, could I list Cuba under "countries visited" on the customs form without fear of repercussions, using the explanation that I traveled on a foreign passport and paid for my trip from foreign resources?  Are U.S./dual citizens subject to the Cuban embargo when traveling on their non-US passport? 
11638	Bus between Mendoza and Santiago: are there precipitous drop-offs on the edge of the road?	I'm planning to travel by bus between Mendoza, Argentina and Santiago, Chile. I don't have a head for heights, hence my question:  Are there any terrible precipitous drop-offs on the edge of the road whilst crossing the Andes by bus? 
11642	Watering Flowers and Handling Post during long periods of absence: any multinational firm to handle this in any country?	I know there is the question Preparing home for your trip but we have done everything mentioned there such as the arrangement with post-office.  My friend is absent for a longer period of time and we are trying to find a solution to water her flowers and get her unusual post. We are trying to find some sort of place-independent solution such as some multinational firm to handle this kind of absences just to keep places in order and check everything is fine. Basically, we need some someone to check places every month or so -- and perhaps fetch post or something like that.  What kind of services are there to handle this kind of situations? Some consult firm?  P.s. We are mostly travelling in EU and the North 60 -- and we have time-consuming distances between one another. 
11633	Travel to Cuba as dual citizen (USA+other)?	Suppose I am a U.S. citizen with dual citizenship with another country.  Citizens of this second country are allowed to travel to Cuba.  Suppose further that I live and work outside the United States and have a non-U.S. bank account containing funds in a currency other than dollars.  If I travel to Cuba using my passport from this 2nd country and using my non-U.S. financial resources, could I get into trouble upon return to the United States?  When I return, could I list Cuba under "countries visited" on the customs form without fear of repercussions, using the explanation that I traveled on a foreign passport and paid for my trip from foreign resources?  Are U.S./dual citizens subject to the Cuban embargo when traveling on their non-US passport? 
11645	Re-entering the US after leaving on a visa waiver program	in late Feb I'll be travelling to the USA on the visa waiver program, after my 3 months is up I wish to spend 2 weeks in South America, then return to the States, am I able to do this? Or do I need to return my home country?   Do I also need to book my flight from the US to South America beforehand? At the moment I wish to book a flight to the USA with a return flight 6 months and 2 weeks later, bookng my (visa run) flight while there.  I know getting a B2 visa sounds more simple, however being in northwest Australia I live more then 1000 km away from a US consulate, therefore it is cheaper and less time-consuming to book a 2 week stay in South America. 
11645	Re-entering the US after leaving on a visa waiver program	in late Feb I'll be travelling to the USA on the visa waiver program, after my 3 months is up I wish to spend 2 weeks in South America, then return to the States, am I able to do this? Or do I need to return my home country?   Do I also need to book my flight from the US to South America beforehand? At the moment I wish to book a flight to the USA with a return flight 6 months and 2 weeks later, bookng my (visa run) flight while there.  I know getting a B2 visa sounds more simple, however being in northwest Australia I live more then 1000 km away from a US consulate, therefore it is cheaper and less time-consuming to book a 2 week stay in South America. 
11648	Is there a list of online public transportation planners?	For Oslo in Norway you can go to ruter.no, punch in where you are and where you want to go. It then gives you options on how to get from point A to point B using various public transportation (and walking).  Is there a list of such services in other countries somewhere? In particular I'm curious to know if there is such a service for London, UK.  
11734	Can round trip flights be cheaper than one-way flights?	    I'm looking for plane trips that would suit me if I studied abroad in the US.  I searched up the flight I'd take: SVG - ATL, and was amazed to see the prices were minimum $1500 for a one-way flight in August. I then checked what the price would be for a round-trip flight, from 12. Aug to 02. Dec, and suddenly the price sunk to $1175 in total! I repeated the search on another site, and saw that they found an even cheaper round flight of around $903.  So, I'm wondering, am I misunderstanding something, or is it really cheaper with round flights? How come?? 
11734	Can round trip flights be cheaper than one-way flights?	    I'm looking for plane trips that would suit me if I studied abroad in the US.  I searched up the flight I'd take: SVG - ATL, and was amazed to see the prices were minimum $1500 for a one-way flight in August. I then checked what the price would be for a round-trip flight, from 12. Aug to 02. Dec, and suddenly the price sunk to $1175 in total! I repeated the search on another site, and saw that they found an even cheaper round flight of around $903.  So, I'm wondering, am I misunderstanding something, or is it really cheaper with round flights? How come?? 
11620	Is there a site that gives travelling opportunities in Europe if you don't care about the destination or the date?	I'm interested in travelling around Europe the cheapest way possible, but I don't really care about the order in which I visit countries and I'm 100% flexible for both departure and return date.  I'm interested in a site/app that has the following functionality:  It should give me daily/weekly notifications of travelling opportunities from a certain destination to anywhere in any date. (The notification part is not so important, I'm looking for the functionality).  Are there any sites that offer something like that?  Note: It doesn't necessarily have to always be by air. 
12745	better way to travel with money - travel checks or credit card?	    Is it better to take travel checks or credit card, or maybe both, on a trip?   I am planning a trip to the East - China and India mainly, and I am looking for the best solution, most comfortable, safe, etc.. 
12779	Proving onward travel on a South America tour	My question is related to / inspired by Does Colombia require proof of onward travel?  but isn't quite the same.  I'm thinking of a trip around South America (from Europe) such that:   I would not arrive and leave the continent at the same country. Instead, I'd arrive somewhere in the south of the continent and leave from the north, or vice versa. I wouldn't buy flights or overland journeys for within South America in advance (because I'd prefer leaving exact travel dates and routes open).    For example, say I have (only) two flights booked in advance: one from Europe to Argentina, and then, 2-3 months later, another from Colombia back to Europe. When arriving in Argentina, or any of the subsequent countries (e.g. Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador), would the return ticket to Europe from Colombia be enough to prove onward travel, or would they require a ticket out of that particular country?    In other words, is a return ticket to Europe from another country sufficient proof of onward travel in most South American countries?  NB: I'm interested in South America generally, not only in Argentina or Colombia. But of course, if there are countries that are more strict about this than others, that would be good to mention in an answer!  How do people normally do this? I mean, it's a very common type of (backpacker) trip to make, right?   I guess the main alternative is to book all border-crossing flights / buses before going to South America, but that limits your flexibility a lot (or is a waste of money if you buy them but don't use them). 
12768	Is it possible to go from South Korea to Hong Kong by sea?	More specifically from Busan (but other sites also possible).  My plan is to do Japan - South Korea - Hong Kong by sea. 
12794	List of carpooling services outside Europe and the US?	Europe has a fair share of ad-hoc carpool services like hitchikers.org. So does the US.  But what about the rest of the world? Are there relevant ad-hoc online carpool services out there? So, what about a list of such services? Or perhaps just the one service to rule them all?  With 'ad-hoc' I mean services that focus on individual rides, not on structural daily/weekly connections. 
12779	Proving onward travel on a South America tour	My question is related to / inspired by Does Colombia require proof of onward travel?  but isn't quite the same.  I'm thinking of a trip around South America (from Europe) such that:   I would not arrive and leave the continent at the same country. Instead, I'd arrive somewhere in the south of the continent and leave from the north, or vice versa. I wouldn't buy flights or overland journeys for within South America in advance (because I'd prefer leaving exact travel dates and routes open).    For example, say I have (only) two flights booked in advance: one from Europe to Argentina, and then, 2-3 months later, another from Colombia back to Europe. When arriving in Argentina, or any of the subsequent countries (e.g. Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador), would the return ticket to Europe from Colombia be enough to prove onward travel, or would they require a ticket out of that particular country?    In other words, is a return ticket to Europe from another country sufficient proof of onward travel in most South American countries?  NB: I'm interested in South America generally, not only in Argentina or Colombia. But of course, if there are countries that are more strict about this than others, that would be good to mention in an answer!  How do people normally do this? I mean, it's a very common type of (backpacker) trip to make, right?   I guess the main alternative is to book all border-crossing flights / buses before going to South America, but that limits your flexibility a lot (or is a waste of money if you buy them but don't use them). 
12807	Do I need a transit visa at Narita airport? I am an Indian citizen travelling from South Korea to India	    The flight of Japan airlines from Seoul arrives at Narita on 14th Feb 4 pm and flight for Delhi departs on 15th Feb 11.25 am. The halt is of almost 20 hrs. 
12825	Schengen visa for non-EU spouse of EU citizen	Most of the already posted questions were about traveling between EU countries. In my case I would like to visit Austria with my South African wife. We got married over 20 years ago in Austria, lived there together for 6 years, but moved to SA 16 years ago. The permanent residence my wife had once expired and she needs a Schengen visa. The Austrian Embassy tells me that my wife has to apply in person, show proof of income, proof of accommodation, has a travel insurance and all fulfills all other requirements like every ordinary applicant.  Is the Directive 2004/38/EC only applicable for spouses when they are already within the EU or is it also valid in our case?   In particular the personal appearance is a problem as we are living in the Southern Cape and going to the embassy means a round trip of 2600 km, closer is the consulate in Cape Town but still requires a 1200 tour. 
1319	Can I use B1/B2 visa to travel to the US without a business purpose?	I got a B1/B2 visa earlier this year when I traveled to the US for a business trip from my company. It expires in 2013 and I'd love to visit the United States again, but for no other purpose than traveling.  I wonder:        If I can legally travel to US with B1/B2 visa without a real business need (assuming I'm honest);   If I have to work at my current company to be able to use it.      I live in Russia. 
12847	How do I become a better tourist guide for my own city or country?	I'm planning a trip to Melbourne, which is only a short plane trip away from Sydney, and currently I'm planning on using the same information sources to plan my trip that I'd use for anywhere else in the world (Lonely Planet, Trip Advisor, WikiVoyage).  There's the possibility that I'll be sightseeing with someone visiting Australia for the first time.  I'll have a slight advantage in that I've been there before, so I can give my opinion on certain attractions, but apart from that, I won't be able to give the overseas tourist any "local knowledge".  The situation wouldn't be much better if someone were visiting Sydney (where I live), either. I'd be able to tell them about Sydney's transit system, and what time things close, and what suburbs are a bit dodgy. But in terms of places to visit, I'd only be able to list places that are fairly well known.  Is my lack of "local knowledge" unusual? What can I do to improve my local knowledge?  Related question: How do you avoid &quot;tourist traps&quot; when traveling to a country where you do not speak the language? , except that I'm supposed to be the "local knowledge" to avoid such "tourist traps"! 
12853	Social/nightlife in the US (NYC, Boston, Chicago) through hostels	So I'll be staying in hostels around these areas on the East Coast soon. I'm just wondering if staying in hostels gives you adequate opportunity to meet people and go out at night to clubs and stuff? Is it a common culture for people to go out together? I guess the other alternative would be to go out by myself and I guess try to meet people at a bar, but it's not something I've really done before. 
12853	Social/nightlife in the US (NYC, Boston, Chicago) through hostels	So I'll be staying in hostels around these areas on the East Coast soon. I'm just wondering if staying in hostels gives you adequate opportunity to meet people and go out at night to clubs and stuff? Is it a common culture for people to go out together? I guess the other alternative would be to go out by myself and I guess try to meet people at a bar, but it's not something I've really done before. 
12860	Half day in Berlin - after non-classical tourist spots	I will have half a day to spend in Berlin, on a Saturday afternoon. What do you recommend I should go and see/taste? I am not aiming for classical "tourist" spots, as we have a guided city tour before, hopefully it will show all the interesting spots, but much more the the things that are not so obviously on the must see and do, but they are still interesting.  I am interested in going to an antique shop or two, to a food shop (where i can buy Lebkuchen and good German sausages) and I really enjoy the hidden architecture gems of old houses. Nothing new, nothing fancy, nothing modern. I'd like to skip the museums and galleries, I have the tendency to spend in there too much time, which I don't have with this occasion.  Also, can someone recommend a Toy store in the area around the Tiergarten? 
12868	Recommended software for communicating / documenting whilst on a bike tour	    I am going on a long bike tour and I intend to blog about it, take photos etc. I will take a tablet pc or netbook with me, and try to use wifi rather than internet cafes. What software do you recommend  for organising photos, backing up photos, blogging, editing for pod-casts and videos, protecting against viruses, and prevention against theft of the device? 
12897	Advantages of traveling from Lima to Cusco by bus vs. plane?	Do you think it makes sense to fly rather than travel by bus in terms of time/money? Or perhaps traveling by bus is not that bad?  Also, I've been told that landing in Cusco is quite spectacular and I was thinking to save some time.   Could someone please clarify the pros/cons of travelling there by road vs by air? 
12897	Advantages of traveling from Lima to Cusco by bus vs. plane?	Do you think it makes sense to fly rather than travel by bus in terms of time/money? Or perhaps traveling by bus is not that bad?  Also, I've been told that landing in Cusco is quite spectacular and I was thinking to save some time.   Could someone please clarify the pros/cons of travelling there by road vs by air? 
12931	Where can I check visa requirements online for free?	    One of the best resources for checking visa requirements online is through an IATA service called Timaticweb. It's a subscription service and until recently it could be accessed through Delta Airlines' passport and visa information page. However, they have removed this option recently from their website.  Does any other website - airline or otherwise - offer free access to Timaticweb for checking visa requirements? 
12948	What are my options for pre-paid SIM cards in Buenos Aires, Argentina?	I have three devices:   iPhone 5 - nanosim, 4G/LTE MiFi - microsim, 4G/LTE iPhone 4S - microsim, 3G   Which providers in Buenos Aires / Argentina have the best prepaid options for these devices? They don't all need to be from the same provider, but that would make purchasing simplest. I need voice, sms, &amp; data on both iPhones and only data on the MiFi (I can live without the MiFi). 
12975	Can I take two laptops to India from United States? One bought in India and one in US	I will be landing at New Delhi airport. The worth of new laptop  (Lenovo Yoga Idea Pad 13) is about $1000 and old one (Macbook Pro) is  1 lakh INR. I want to leave the new laptop in India. I have a copy of bill with me but not the original bill. I want to know if I have risk of being charged with custom duty. 
12970	Which visa for business travel to USA from Australia?	    I will be traveling to the US from Australia to observe and help with the installation of equipment that my company will be bringing back to Australia.  Do I need a business visa, and work visa or can I get APEC.  I have ESTA as I travel to the US to visit family. 
13038	Online resources for airplane seat sizes	Are there online resources for researching seat sizes and leg room of various planes of various airlines?  I'd like to know whether JAL international flight economy class seats are small (compared to a Virgin Australia domestic economy class seat), or whether I'm just imagining it. 
11566	Nonresident Travel Money (Card or Bank Account) Solution with Emergency Cash Feature in Euros?	I'm from the new EU so my country's banks are not that advanced that they can offer me this feature. So this will be a nonresident account for travel money.  The solution I am looking for is like AMEX's Global Assist feature that they can wire you money in case of loss or theft instantly wherever you are. Yes, you can have the AMEX international dollar and euro cards administered from the UK but they require you an income level competitive enough even for Western Europe not to mention Eastern Europe, right? So I'm looking for a more hassle-free option.  The second best option is SwissBankers' TravelCash card. It's second best because they fedex you the replacement card but in 2 days, so what will you do until then? And the card is very difficult to get for nonresidents.  Also there are banks where the emergency cash feature is tied to your bank account. Maybe that's my route to take.  Any ideas for me? 
13041	Tenerife South Airport to Las Palmas de Gran Canaria by public transport	What's the cheapest option other than flying? 
13065	Is there a website for searching/booking European trains?	Is there a website to search for European train tickets? I mean something like kayak.com, expedia.com, airfare.com, etc for trains? I know there are specific countries' website like bahn.de, sbb.ch, voyages-sncf.com, etc. But is there a website to search and see the prices easily without having to go through many steps? 
13065	Is there a website for searching/booking European trains?	Is there a website to search for European train tickets? I mean something like kayak.com, expedia.com, airfare.com, etc for trains? I know there are specific countries' website like bahn.de, sbb.ch, voyages-sncf.com, etc. But is there a website to search and see the prices easily without having to go through many steps? 
13037	Traveling from USA to Germany with a German Shepherd	    What do I need to get/do for my German Shepherd to be able to take him to Germany?  
10504	Does tourist visa (90 days) apply after a working holiday visa ends in Schengen countries?	I am an Australian currently on a Netherlands working holiday visa that ends in May next year. I would like to know if when my visa ends I then get another 90 days just as a regular tourist visa as I would like to do some more travel within Europe when my visa ends before going home to Australia. 
13110	Will my European phone (Nokia 1208) work in the USA?	I have a Nokia 1208 bought in Sweden with a pre-paid SIM-card from Telia. Will I be able to use my mobile phone in the USA? I'm not talking about expensive roaming fees or so, just whether it's possible at all. How can I find out apart from actually going there?  See also: Do American cellphones work in Europe? 
13138	Can I get in trouble if, at customs, the police finds media files that I can't prove are mine?	I have ripped some of my DVD series to my phone and laptop so I do not need to waste space and battery with the extra discs.  But what happens when I am traveling, say from Europe-USA or Europe-Asia, and the police goes through my files and finds those? And what to say if they ask questions? 
13183	About Schengen 90/180 rule	I have searched the web a lot and could not find an answer that fits my situation. Here are two links that are quite contradictory:   Schengen visa rejection http://www.expatua.com/forum/index.php?topic=6506.0   My situation: I visited Portugal in Dec 2012 for 29 days on a Schengen visa valid from Dec 1, 2012 to Feb 1, 2013 for research purposes (I am a Ph.D. student). I want to visit Sweden from Feb 10, 2013 to May 10, 2013 (89 days). I have applied for a Schengen visa again (for research). Will the 90/180 rule be applicable to me? 
13181	What happens if I miss my Eurostar because of a delay in a domestic train to get to it?	Let's say I have a non-refundable, non-changeable Eurostar ticket (i.e. the cheapest kind!). I plan a trip by train to get me from my starting point to the Eurostar terminal (eg Oxford - London Paddington, then tube London Paddington - London St Pancras). I plan my trip so that I'll get to the Eurostar checkin in enough time.  What happens if my train to meet the Eurostar is delayed? And does it depend on what kind of ticket I bought to get to the Eurostar, and whether or not my travel to the Eurostar was on another RailTeam service or not? 
13183	About Schengen 90/180 rule	I have searched the web a lot and could not find an answer that fits my situation. Here are two links that are quite contradictory:   Schengen visa rejection http://www.expatua.com/forum/index.php?topic=6506.0   My situation: I visited Portugal in Dec 2012 for 29 days on a Schengen visa valid from Dec 1, 2012 to Feb 1, 2013 for research purposes (I am a Ph.D. student). I want to visit Sweden from Feb 10, 2013 to May 10, 2013 (89 days). I have applied for a Schengen visa again (for research). Will the 90/180 rule be applicable to me? 
13179	Does the collision insurance (CDW) benefit of a U.S. Citi AAdvantage Visa apply to car rentals in Europe?	I have a credit card (Citi AAdvantage Visa) that offers collision loss / damage waiver insurance on car rentals paid for with the card.  My question: does this benefit also apply when I am renting a car outside the USA? 
13231	Is there a Paris equivalent of London's Oyster Pay-As-You-Go?	When travelling around London, I usually follow the standing advice and use an Oyster pay-as-you-go card for my tube/bus/train/dlr journeys. It works well, as I can load some cash on every so often, quickly breeze through turnstiles / onto buses, and I know that after a few journeys in a day my costs will be capped and all subsequent journeys will be effectively "free".  Historically, when in Paris, I've tended to just buy a carnet of 10 metro/bus tickets, often from the shop on-board the Eurostar on the way. However, I've noticed recently that almost everyone else is using Navigo cards for their travel, rather than the paper metro tickets. Is it possible to get an equivalent to an Oyster pay-as-you-go for Paris as an occasional tourist? (Let's say 2-5 journeys in a typical day) 
13231	Is there a Paris equivalent of London's Oyster Pay-As-You-Go?	When travelling around London, I usually follow the standing advice and use an Oyster pay-as-you-go card for my tube/bus/train/dlr journeys. It works well, as I can load some cash on every so often, quickly breeze through turnstiles / onto buses, and I know that after a few journeys in a day my costs will be capped and all subsequent journeys will be effectively "free".  Historically, when in Paris, I've tended to just buy a carnet of 10 metro/bus tickets, often from the shop on-board the Eurostar on the way. However, I've noticed recently that almost everyone else is using Navigo cards for their travel, rather than the paper metro tickets. Is it possible to get an equivalent to an Oyster pay-as-you-go for Paris as an occasional tourist? (Let's say 2-5 journeys in a typical day) 
13233	Are there days/times/dates when most Paris museums are free?	While Paris does have some great free museums and art galleries, such as Le Petit Palais and  Musée d'Art Moderne de la ville de Paris many of the museums have an entrance fee. Since most of my museum going "at home" is in Oxford or London, where the bulk of the museums are free, it's a little shock to be asked for €10-€15 to see the permanent collection.  To help avoid this, are there any special days / times / dates when many of the Parisian museums and galleries are open for free, instead of their usual entrance fees? 
13225	What is the closest bucolic holiday destination to the City of London?	I have been looking at weekend accommodations in London. For a family with children, this seems quite challenging.   At the same time I am seeing quite some nice bucolic options in Kent and Sussex. To be able to enjoy both London and the countryside, I am wondering what the closest bucolic area to the city ofLondon is and preferably even within the ceremonial county greater London .   Sidenote: Bucolic is a word I learned here.  
13233	Are there days/times/dates when most Paris museums are free?	While Paris does have some great free museums and art galleries, such as Le Petit Palais and  Musée d'Art Moderne de la ville de Paris many of the museums have an entrance fee. Since most of my museum going "at home" is in Oxford or London, where the bulk of the museums are free, it's a little shock to be asked for €10-€15 to see the permanent collection.  To help avoid this, are there any special days / times / dates when many of the Parisian museums and galleries are open for free, instead of their usual entrance fees? 
13225	What is the closest bucolic holiday destination to the City of London?	I have been looking at weekend accommodations in London. For a family with children, this seems quite challenging.   At the same time I am seeing quite some nice bucolic options in Kent and Sussex. To be able to enjoy both London and the countryside, I am wondering what the closest bucolic area to the city ofLondon is and preferably even within the ceremonial county greater London .   Sidenote: Bucolic is a word I learned here.  
13267	First time in Paris - decent questions regarding transportation and tourist attractions	About my journey:  I will be travelling to Paris in the beginning of March with my girlfriend and staying for 3 days.   We are landing at Paris Beauvais Tille Airport. I have unfortunately found that the airport is kinda far away from the city, but understood from their website that there are a lot of methods to get between the airport and Porte Maillot.  We will be staying at a hotel near Parc Suzanne Lenglen (Bd. Gambetta).    Questions:   Travelling : Hope that I am not wrong, but I was considering travelling through town by Metro (from downtown to the hotel, from a tourist attraction to another, etc). I searched for ticket prices on their website and found that 10 tickets are €12.70. Are the tickets available on any Metro line? (I will need to switch metros every now and then). Do you suggest buying a 3 day pass? Or better individual tickets? Must see tourist attractions : I've seen where La tour Eiffel, La Louvre or La cathédrale Notre-Dame are situated. I would like to know what other must-see places you suggest (preferably somewhere downtown, but this is not a must as long as there is a metro station nearby). Any suggestion is welcomed - from museums to nice parks or picturesque buildings, monuments, etc. Travelling between tourist attractions : Do you recommend walking every now and then between the tourist attractions? For example I saw there are 3.5 km between La Tour Eiffel and La Louvre. Is it worthwhile walking this distance? Meaning that if it is a nice area to travel by foot. Admission fees for the attractions : I saw for example on the Louvre's website that Admission to the Louvre and the Musée Eugène Delacroix is free for the following visitor categories: 18-25 year-old residents of the European Economic Area (EU, Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein). Can anyone confirm? Are there any other discounts for students? Do they apply if I am a student in my own country and provide proper documents? I hope we will not be spending too much on entrance fees where we go.   Any other comments, proposals and any kind of feedback is more than welcomed. If anything else pops up in my mind I will put it here.  Thanks in advance ! 
13267	First time in Paris - decent questions regarding transportation and tourist attractions	About my journey:  I will be travelling to Paris in the beginning of March with my girlfriend and staying for 3 days.   We are landing at Paris Beauvais Tille Airport. I have unfortunately found that the airport is kinda far away from the city, but understood from their website that there are a lot of methods to get between the airport and Porte Maillot.  We will be staying at a hotel near Parc Suzanne Lenglen (Bd. Gambetta).    Questions:   Travelling : Hope that I am not wrong, but I was considering travelling through town by Metro (from downtown to the hotel, from a tourist attraction to another, etc). I searched for ticket prices on their website and found that 10 tickets are €12.70. Are the tickets available on any Metro line? (I will need to switch metros every now and then). Do you suggest buying a 3 day pass? Or better individual tickets? Must see tourist attractions : I've seen where La tour Eiffel, La Louvre or La cathédrale Notre-Dame are situated. I would like to know what other must-see places you suggest (preferably somewhere downtown, but this is not a must as long as there is a metro station nearby). Any suggestion is welcomed - from museums to nice parks or picturesque buildings, monuments, etc. Travelling between tourist attractions : Do you recommend walking every now and then between the tourist attractions? For example I saw there are 3.5 km between La Tour Eiffel and La Louvre. Is it worthwhile walking this distance? Meaning that if it is a nice area to travel by foot. Admission fees for the attractions : I saw for example on the Louvre's website that Admission to the Louvre and the Musée Eugène Delacroix is free for the following visitor categories: 18-25 year-old residents of the European Economic Area (EU, Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein). Can anyone confirm? Are there any other discounts for students? Do they apply if I am a student in my own country and provide proper documents? I hope we will not be spending too much on entrance fees where we go.   Any other comments, proposals and any kind of feedback is more than welcomed. If anything else pops up in my mind I will put it here.  Thanks in advance ! 
13267	First time in Paris - decent questions regarding transportation and tourist attractions	About my journey:  I will be travelling to Paris in the beginning of March with my girlfriend and staying for 3 days.   We are landing at Paris Beauvais Tille Airport. I have unfortunately found that the airport is kinda far away from the city, but understood from their website that there are a lot of methods to get between the airport and Porte Maillot.  We will be staying at a hotel near Parc Suzanne Lenglen (Bd. Gambetta).    Questions:   Travelling : Hope that I am not wrong, but I was considering travelling through town by Metro (from downtown to the hotel, from a tourist attraction to another, etc). I searched for ticket prices on their website and found that 10 tickets are €12.70. Are the tickets available on any Metro line? (I will need to switch metros every now and then). Do you suggest buying a 3 day pass? Or better individual tickets? Must see tourist attractions : I've seen where La tour Eiffel, La Louvre or La cathédrale Notre-Dame are situated. I would like to know what other must-see places you suggest (preferably somewhere downtown, but this is not a must as long as there is a metro station nearby). Any suggestion is welcomed - from museums to nice parks or picturesque buildings, monuments, etc. Travelling between tourist attractions : Do you recommend walking every now and then between the tourist attractions? For example I saw there are 3.5 km between La Tour Eiffel and La Louvre. Is it worthwhile walking this distance? Meaning that if it is a nice area to travel by foot. Admission fees for the attractions : I saw for example on the Louvre's website that Admission to the Louvre and the Musée Eugène Delacroix is free for the following visitor categories: 18-25 year-old residents of the European Economic Area (EU, Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein). Can anyone confirm? Are there any other discounts for students? Do they apply if I am a student in my own country and provide proper documents? I hope we will not be spending too much on entrance fees where we go.   Any other comments, proposals and any kind of feedback is more than welcomed. If anything else pops up in my mind I will put it here.  Thanks in advance ! 
12947	How dangerous is India for solo women travellers, or female-only groups?	Why India is not safe for solo women is an article in The Telegraph (UK) describing one woman's issues with sexual harassment in India.  Some of the information there describes a worse situation than the impression I got from Wikivoyage's "Female travellers" section.  For example, The Telegraph says that the author and her female friends were followed into the surf of a beach by ten men and were sexually harassed there, even though they wore t-shirts and full length trousers into the water. By contrast, Wikivoyage says "People are generally modestly clothed even at the beaches. So, be sure to find out what the appropriate attire is for the beach you are visiting. ..."  Regarding sexual harassment, Wikivoyage says     "The simplest way to avoid this remains the same as in your home   country. Anything overt should be treated in a firm manner and if   needed, ask the local populace (women in particular) to try and get   the message across. Avoid confrontation if at all possible"   , while the advice the author of the Telegraph article got was:     “When a man touches you, do what Indian women do: hit them, hard!” It   is advice we followed from then on, as embarrassment gave way to   anger.   The perception that India was unsafe for women wasn't based just on foreign travellers' perceptions either, according to the Telegraph article:     India simply is not safe for unaccompanied women. We were told as much   very often by older, educated Indian men. With a disbelieving shake of   the head, they offered to pay for taxis to help us cross a city that   they would not allow their daughters out alone in.   Is the Telegraph's article (written while the Delhi gang rape court case is ongoing) an accurate description of the situation with sexual harassment ("Eve teasing") in India? 
13304	What extra benefits are there in getting travel insurance if I have a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC)?	I've got a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) and only plan to travel around the EU for the foreseeable future. I read another answer that quite nicely covered the details of what the EHIC covers, but I'd like to know if there's any reason to pay for additional travel insurance. If the EHIC gives me equal medical care as I would get in England, what's the point of paying more? Does travel insurance usually provide extra cover that an EHIC won't? 
13312	UK citizen, living in India and working in India: Can I use an ESTA to work for 2 months in US?	So,   I am an UK Citizen. Currently living &amp; working in India. Can I use ESTA to work for 2 months in US for my employer's client in US? I will not be getting any salary or money for these 2 months from my Indian employer for working in US. I will get only my expenses for these 2 months.  
13342	How to vomit during a flight?	Last time I travelled I wasn't feeling quite well just before boarding the plane. I either had eaten something wrong or a flu just appeared. The thought of having to vomit during the flight made me panic a bit. The pocket in front usually contain these paper bags that act as a "vomitorium", but I can hardly imagine them being useful especially with the cramped space you have these days. I tried to induce some preemptive vomiting before boarding without success but luckily a good powernap before boarding did the trick to have a nice trip.  So what is the best approach to deal with a bad stomach during a flight or just before boarding. If your really feel like vomiting, where or how to do that best? 
13360	Finding all flights from an airport to a country	Is there a place to find all (or nearly all) flights going from a certain airport during a certain time period?  If the "departure announcement board" at the airport was much longer (covering months rather than hours), that would work as an answer for me. 
13300	What's the deal with the "string people" in central Paris?	I've taken my fiancée to Paris twice - first for our 1st anniversary, and again for our 4th - and both times we had troubles with guys bothering us around the Sacré Coeur in Montmartre. They hang around the front entrance to the park and pester tourists with some sort of strange scheme involving tying string to people's fingers. From what  I can tell, anyone who's ensnared by the trick ends up being pestered into buying a bit of wool for a few euros.  Often we managed to get past them immediately by saying no, but in some cases they were persistent, and in a few cases they continually grabbed us and continued to shout at us after we escaped. In one case I had to physically pull one of them off my fiancée, as he was gripping her arm tightly and trying to tie string to her hand. Not exactly enjoyable when we're trying to have a relaxing holiday. In the end we resorted to walking up the long set of stairs to the left of the park and coming back down through the top entrance, which was exhausting and left us uncomfortable in the heat.  One thing I noticed is that the police periodically appear, and the sellers run off or hide down side roads. In once case we were treated to the sight of three armed officers chasing after one of them and tackling him to the ground, much the the enjoyment of everyone watching.  So, what's the deal with these guys? Are they breaking the law by being there? What's the best way to deal with them? We love everything about Paris, especially the Sacré Coeur, but these guys are an annoyance we'd prefer to avoid. 
13395	Schengen visa for non-EU spouse	I am an EU citizen (French) living in Asia (Indonesia). I would like to take my non-EU spouse on holiday to Holland and am wondering if DIRECTIVE 2004/38/EC applies in obtaining a free short term Schengen visa without having to show bank statements and hotel bookings. We don't want to move to Europe, just visit. We will also visit the UK and Ireland and both of those countries' embassies tell me that my spouse's visa is free but the Dutch embassy says we need to apply and pay like any other tourist and also show bank statements and hotel bookings etc.   
13370	Can I take advantage of student discounts with Indian airlines if just passed out from college?	Within the next few months, I have to fly to Hyderabad for a job. My college will have finished by then. It will have finished in July precisely. But officially my Identity card doesn't expire until August.  So can I use this ID card as a proof of me being a student?  Also if I can manage a bona fide letter from my college, will the airline company consider it?  Since I have never travelled via an air-plane before, I am ignorant about the customs.  Also, how should I proceed with booking a ticket on-line on student booking scheme? 
13464	What harm can be done with a copy of one's passport?	In one of the questions on this site, it was suggested the use of Dropbox to save a backup copy of your passport, in case you need to proof who you are if your original document is lost.   I like the idea, but what if someone gets access to your Dropbox folders and is able to acquire the copy of your passport.  The same goes for when you leave a copy of your passport at a hotel receptions desk. Once someone has the info printed on that copy, would that make it easier to steal your identity? 
13459	Traveling aboard an ocean liner like in The Royal Tenenbaums?	   For the past year he had been traveling alone on an ocean liner called the Cote d’Ivoire and had seen both poles, five oceans, the Amazon and the Nile.     Does such a thing exist?  If so, how would one see about traveling aboard one?  Edit 4/14/2015  I think I value the mystique of a small ship built for practical purposes with a limited crew (perhaps 30-40).  I'd like to be at sea at my own leisure, but perhaps surrounded by a crew working on one job or another, such as marine biologists.  Another example I found of a similar ship would be Jacques Cousteau's ship Calypso, which looks very similar in shape and size to the vessel in The Royal Tenenbaums:  (Screenshot from Le Monde du Silence) 
13482	What are the consequences of a US citizen overstaying a Schengen visa?	According to law, what are the consequences of a US citizen overstaying a Schengen visa?  In practice, how likely is one to be penalized for overstaying by a day, 10 days, and a month?  Are there countries that are more likely to enforce the rules on departure? 
13481	Crossing into South Ossetia (Tskhinvali) from Gori	I've been reading various conflicting information about visiting Tskhinvali. Are there buses or marshrutkas leaving Gori going into Tskhinvali?   Would I have to get permission from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Ossetia to visit?    I would also like to cross back into Georgia, is this possible?    I plan to go in May 2013; the information on the web that I have found has no dates so I don't know if anyone has any updates.  
13427	Greece to Africa by ship?	Using Google Maps, I can't see any connections between Crete and Africa. In fact, I can't find any connections from Greece at all. Why is this? 
13494	Claustrophobic - travelling for the first time long RSA to USA	I am trying my best to prepare for my upcoming flight to the USA, the trip is all under control, its just the flight that I'm terrified of.  I am very claustrophobic and do not even ride in elevators, I flew once locally for 1.5 hours. But my second flight will be 2 X 10 hours flights from South Africa to USA.   So please, I need to know, what it would be like, if I'll be OK on such a long flight, what can go wrong? And what do I need to be aware of.    
13514	Amtrak on-time statistics for arbitrary stations?	I've heard that trains in the USA are often very late, for a variety of reasons; see e.g. What is the state of train travel in the USA? and its answers. But then again, the only country where I haven't heard residents complain that trains abroad are more reliable than in their country is Switzerland1, so I prefer facts. According to the Wikipedia page on Amtrak, reliability has significantly improved (emphasis mine):     Freight rail operators are required under federal law to give dispatching preference to Amtrak trains. Some freight railroads have been accused of violating or skirting these regulations, allegedly resulting in passenger trains waiting in sidings for an hour or longer while waiting for freight traffic to clear the track. The railroads' dispatching practices were investigated in 2008,[67] resulting in stricter laws about train priority which had a dramatic result. Amtrak's overall on-time performance went up from 74.7% in fiscal 2008 to 84.7% in 2009, with long-distance trains and others outside the NEC seeing the greatest benefit. The Missouri River Runner jumped from a very poor 11% to 95%, becoming one of Amtrak's best performers. The Texas Eagle went from 22.4% to 96.7%, and the California Zephyr, with an abysmal 5% on-time record in 2008, went up to 78.3%.[68] However, this improved performance also coincided with a general economic downturn, resulting in the lowest freight rail traffic volumes since at least 1988, meaning less freight traffic to impede passenger traffic.[69]   Amtrak on their website have monthly performance reports. For November 2012, that the California Zephyr has an end-to-end on-time performance record of 93.3% (page 96). For long-distance trains, on time is defined as within 30 minutes. Fair enough, but this relates to end-to-end on-time performance. If I don't stay until the final destination then that's not very relevant for me. I've encountered at least twice in Sweden that a night train was two hours late in the evening, but on-time the next morning. Therefore, on-time statistics for stations along the route are quite relevant.  Where, if anywhere, can I find Amtrak on-time statistics for arbitrary stations along a route, as opposed to end-to-end on-time statistics?  If those are not available, is there any other information indicating as to whether it is common for Amtrak trains to be late along the route, but on-time at the end, or if delays along the route rather tend to stick?    1I've heard Brits say Dutch trains are better, Dutch say German trains are better, Germans say Swiss trains are better, Norwegians say Swedish trains are better, Swedes say Finnish trains are better, Finns say Russian trains are better, and having travelled in many of those countries, all I can confirm is that Swiss trains are reliable. 
10379	Schengen visa refusal	I got a multiple entry Schengen visa from 5-3-2011 to 5-9-2011 (valid for 6 months) last year during which I stayed for 42 days out of the allocated 90 days.  I again applied for a Schengen visa and I got it. I was given a Schengen visa from 17-9-2011 to 31-12-2012 for which I can stay up to 90 days.  I stayed for 82 days of the allocated 90 days for a Schengen visa and went out of the region without any question.  When I again applied for my new Schengen visa I was informed by the embassy that I overstayed during my stay in Schengen territories by 14 days.  The calculation they made was for the last 6 months. I applied on January 4th 2012 and they calculated from that day and informed me that I overstayed by 14 days and they rejected my visa.  In the last page of the passport they put some seal indicating application number for Schengen visa for which it was rejected.  Please let me know whether I will get a Schengen visa in the future as I am very much stressed about this. Also I have only a few pages left in the passport now. If I change my passport will it solve my problem? 
13524	Preventing sea sickness?	I come from a land locked place (in Canada) where there are no oceans around and just lakes. Whenever I go on a boat in a lake in Canada, I never get seasick and I feel fine. Sometimes when I come to a place like Mexico and I go out on the ocean, I get sea sick easily while others feel fine. I was wondering if getting sea sick can be caused by not being used to being out on the ocean where the waters rougher? This might be a little off topic but does the ocean have seasons for when the waters are calmer and are there places in the ocean that are calmer then others (Is it better to go farther out? Are you better to stay off the oceans and instead go on a gulf/sea where possible?)  
13562	How do you choose a restaurant when travelling?	When travelling almost everyone wants to enjoy a local meal. It's part of the travelling experience. If you're not careful, you may end up in an expensive, "extremely" tourist-oriented place, which may not even represent the local gastronomy.  How do you pick a restaurant? Where do you search for information before travelling? Are there any good online guides?   On the spot what are the dos and don'ts? Do you ask locals? Are they a good source?  Note: The problem with locals is that sometimes they try to be extra nice with you and will send you exactly to places you want to avoid. They don't eat in those places, but it's common that they think it's a nice place for you, since it's always full of tourists :)  One of the problems with most review websites is that restaurants go into a positive spiral. They get attention for some reason. From there, they will attract more visitors due to their position, and of course, those visitors will review them again, reinforcing the spiral. That means one may be losing other, maybe even more interesting possibilities, if only looking at "tops". 
13562	How do you choose a restaurant when travelling?	When travelling almost everyone wants to enjoy a local meal. It's part of the travelling experience. If you're not careful, you may end up in an expensive, "extremely" tourist-oriented place, which may not even represent the local gastronomy.  How do you pick a restaurant? Where do you search for information before travelling? Are there any good online guides?   On the spot what are the dos and don'ts? Do you ask locals? Are they a good source?  Note: The problem with locals is that sometimes they try to be extra nice with you and will send you exactly to places you want to avoid. They don't eat in those places, but it's common that they think it's a nice place for you, since it's always full of tourists :)  One of the problems with most review websites is that restaurants go into a positive spiral. They get attention for some reason. From there, they will attract more visitors due to their position, and of course, those visitors will review them again, reinforcing the spiral. That means one may be losing other, maybe even more interesting possibilities, if only looking at "tops". 
13610	I'm gonna change a plane in The US, do I need an ESTA?	I'm flying from Costa-Rica to Newark and then to Stockholm. I'm a Swedish citizen.  ESTA = Electronic System for Travel Authorization.  Do I need one? This is what I'm refering to: https://esta.cbp.dhs.gov/esta/ 
13614	Looking for a site that shows major european train routes and their speed/duration	I'm trying to plan a bit of a European tour by train visiting a few locations on the way. It's hard to see a good overview of the major routes (and their speeds which can make a massive difference!).  I guess ideally it would show a large map of Europe, then each major route colour coded by duration (say green for a 1 hour trip through to red for a 10hr trip). I'm only interested in major cities.  
13580	Is it legal to smoke weed in Prague?	I know that buying and selling marijuana in Prague is illegal. As I were there in October 2012 I haven't seen any coffeeshops, but I have seen a lot of people smoking weed in bars or on the streets, even on the Charles Bridge. Is it legal to possess and smoke weed or just tolerated? 
13626	How to Find Cheapest Flights to ANY Destination	Does anyone know how to look up the cheapest flights out of your city, to ANYWHERE? This is especially difficult if you're living outside major city centres. It's very time consuming to guess which destinations will be cheapest, and search through them one by one. 
13626	How to Find Cheapest Flights to ANY Destination	Does anyone know how to look up the cheapest flights out of your city, to ANYWHERE? This is especially difficult if you're living outside major city centres. It's very time consuming to guess which destinations will be cheapest, and search through them one by one. 
13626	How to Find Cheapest Flights to ANY Destination	Does anyone know how to look up the cheapest flights out of your city, to ANYWHERE? This is especially difficult if you're living outside major city centres. It's very time consuming to guess which destinations will be cheapest, and search through them one by one. 
13656	What are the options for a prepaid SIM card in Paris?	What are the options for a prepaid SIM card in Paris?   Data service is not necessary, only voice. I live in the US and I need to know the phone number for the SIM card before the trip.  
13654	Is it important to wear a necklace with medical history for people with medical conditions while traveling?	Is it advised for people with chronic medical condition (diabetes, asthma, allergies, etc.) to wear necklaces with medical history when travelling? Is it a worldwide thing to check people's necklaces when they incapacitated (passed out)? any statistics or facts?   
13441	Which order do these dimensions go in	23 x 36 x 56cm  On the Kuwait website it says that hand luggage cannot exceed 115cm. What is the order of the dimension, is it length x width x height ? 
13554	One hour layover sufficient to get through customs?	I am flying from Oslo to the US on 25 Feb 2013 with a one hour layover in Amsterdam. My flight arrives at 11:50 AM. Is one hour enough time to get through customs? I am a US citizen and I am booked Delta/KLM as a single ticket. 
13671	How can I get around Paris both cheaply and efficiently?	I will be visiting Paris in a couple of days.  I was wondering what is the cheapest way to visit all the major tourist attractions in Paris?  Do they have 3-day passes for all the public transportation (bus-metro-train) or is it cheaper if I buy tickets when I use them? 
13671	How can I get around Paris both cheaply and efficiently?	I will be visiting Paris in a couple of days.  I was wondering what is the cheapest way to visit all the major tourist attractions in Paris?  Do they have 3-day passes for all the public transportation (bus-metro-train) or is it cheaper if I buy tickets when I use them? 
13671	How can I get around Paris both cheaply and efficiently?	I will be visiting Paris in a couple of days.  I was wondering what is the cheapest way to visit all the major tourist attractions in Paris?  Do they have 3-day passes for all the public transportation (bus-metro-train) or is it cheaper if I buy tickets when I use them? 
13677	If I travel with 2 different companies will the second company that I check in with know my previous departure point?	If I travel with 2 different companies will the second company that I check in with know my previous departure point?   How about if the tickets are booked separately but they are within the same company like Alliance airlines or something like this, would they be able to track the travel from the very first point of departure until the end of it?  Is there any way so that the second company that I will fly with, might not know where I'm flying from? And the same question would apply for the first company, so that they don't know whether I have another flight during a period of time. Thanks 
13681	Visit the Norwegian fjords or other attractions when landing in Haugesund	The airport of Haugesund is currently served by some low cost companies; I tried to discover some attractions of that area but on the guides I only found some lines about the city of Stavanger and almost nothing else.  I was wondering how difficult could it be to visit an interesting Norwegian fjord when landing in Haugesund.  I see from another question that I could travel from Haugesund to Bergen which is considered to be the gateway of the fjords. The problem is that Bergen is roughly two hours from Haugesund.  Is there an easier solution that allows me to spare the transfer to Bergen and visit an interesting fjord? Consider that the journey should be at most four days long.  In case there are no such solutions, are there any other peculiar attractions in the area around Haugesund that doesn't require renting a car?  EDIT: As Tor-Einar Jarnbjo writes in the comment, solutions could be very different depending on when the journey is going to take place. My question is mainly related to the period between late spring (May) and the beginning of the autumn (October). 
13704	Details on the connection from International to Domestic at Dallas Fort Worth (DFW)	We've had a few questions (like this, this and these) on connecting from an International to a Domestic flight in the states. My queries are specific to one airport, Dallas Fort Worth (DFW).  This weekend, I'll be connecting from an International flight, onto the last Domestic flight of the day to a destination, with an OK but not amazingly long connection time (it's above the MCT, but not hugely). That leads me to wonder what the airport is like for international arrivals with domestic connections.   Specifically, are there dedicated immigration lanes for connecting (non US passport holding) passengers with tight connections? Are there generally enough immigration staff, or can the queues get pretty bad? And are there dedicated bag drop desks just after customs for connecting passengers, or will I have to head over to regular checkin and queue up their to re-check my bags? 
13704	Details on the connection from International to Domestic at Dallas Fort Worth (DFW)	We've had a few questions (like this, this and these) on connecting from an International to a Domestic flight in the states. My queries are specific to one airport, Dallas Fort Worth (DFW).  This weekend, I'll be connecting from an International flight, onto the last Domestic flight of the day to a destination, with an OK but not amazingly long connection time (it's above the MCT, but not hugely). That leads me to wonder what the airport is like for international arrivals with domestic connections.   Specifically, are there dedicated immigration lanes for connecting (non US passport holding) passengers with tight connections? Are there generally enough immigration staff, or can the queues get pretty bad? And are there dedicated bag drop desks just after customs for connecting passengers, or will I have to head over to regular checkin and queue up their to re-check my bags? 
13694	About inter-city and inter-country bus services in Europe	I am planning a month-long trip in mid-June to Europe; mainly Italy, Switzerland, France and Spain in that order. I'll like to know about a bus service that I can use while in a country, and to travel from one country to another.   I found this pass provided by Eurolines, can this be used within a country for eg.Rome to Florence? I'll really appreciate if somebody can guide which bus service are available in each country and can help travel from one country to another or is it better to book point to point rail tickets. 
13745	Traveling from Newark to Philadelphia, train or bus	I would be landing in Newark Airport with an international flight on Thursday at 16:40 PM, planning to get to UPenn immediately after.   I will have suitcase with me and a small backpack.  I wanted to take an Amtrak train from the airport to Philadelphia 30th Street Station, but there are no available trains that allow checked baggage, and my suitcase is larger than the size allowed on board.  Are there any other options for traveling by train with a suitcase? Can I find buses between those two points? If so, where? and are suitcases allowed on buses? 
13753	Buying tickets for travelling by train in Italy	I am planning a trip to Italy this June and my itinerary is as follows.   19 June Reaching Rome 21 June Leaving for Florence. 24 June Leaving for Venice. 26 June Leaving for Milan.   I want recommendation for traveling by train between these places, cost is my priority over time taken to travel between the places.      I have found Frecciarossa and Frecciabianca trains running in Italy,   just wanted to know which one would be cheaper or is there any alternative beside these.   I'll really appreciate if some one provides link to official website for above, as while searching on Google many options pop up, which one is good is hard to judge.  From this post I found this link Trenitalia, is this the right one to book tickets?     Note: I am from India, can the tickets bought online or for foreigners   it is necessary to reach Italy and then only buy tickets, just   wondering if law of land prohibits?   Thanks 
13711	What equipment should I travel with to increase the odds of good internet and phone connectivity?	Getting decent internet and telephone coverage while traveling is not a given.  I find that outside of urban areas many places I stay when traveling have unreliable internet connectivity, if any.  This question confirms that hotel wifi is hit-and-miss.  I also find that cellular coverage is marginal in many places.  What equipment is helpful to take with you to maximize the odds of having decent internet and phone connectivity while traveling?  And how, exactly, does each piece of equipment help? 
13783	Overtaking regulations when driving in Europe	I've got a question about how to drive the car in Europe on Highways. In the US, I can overtake another car on either side, and I am fine.  In Europe I was told that I have to drive on the right side (Germany), and to overtake on the left side of the other driver.  Now I had following situation, and I did not know how to handle this properly: I was driving along on the right lane, the Autobahn was 3 lanes wide on my side, and was going around 110 km/h. Someone overtook me, but he stayed on the middle lane, and suddenly got slower. He wasn't really in front of me, so I could not change to the left lane, but I was told I may not overtake on the right side.  Would I have to brake in such a situation, or should I just ignore it, and overtake him again on the right side?  (I overtook him, and he was on the phone, so I guess that was why he got distracted and slowed down that much). 
13752	How do I discover what parts of France are within 1-day travel?	I'm headed to France next week and I will be staying in Paris. I will use only public transport. How do I calculate what destinations are within a 1/2-day travel (go in the morning, stay the day and go back to sleep in Paris).  For example, I would like to go to Chamonix. Is it a 1/2-day travel? 
13855	Magnetic stripe or EMV (chip-and-pin) credit cards in France?	We are US travelers who will be spending 2 weeks in France (Bordeaux through Provence to Nice) in mid-April 2013.  We understand that Europe is well ahead of the US in the use of EMV (chip-and-pin) technology for credit cards, and all of our cards are traditional magnetic stripe only.  We would like to use a credit card for as many expenses as possible.  We will be using public transport as well as renting a car, purchasing gasoline, etc.  What is the current state of EMV vs. magnetic stripe card acceptance in France?  Should we inquire about EMV cards with our card issuers? 
13855	Magnetic stripe or EMV (chip-and-pin) credit cards in France?	We are US travelers who will be spending 2 weeks in France (Bordeaux through Provence to Nice) in mid-April 2013.  We understand that Europe is well ahead of the US in the use of EMV (chip-and-pin) technology for credit cards, and all of our cards are traditional magnetic stripe only.  We would like to use a credit card for as many expenses as possible.  We will be using public transport as well as renting a car, purchasing gasoline, etc.  What is the current state of EMV vs. magnetic stripe card acceptance in France?  Should we inquire about EMV cards with our card issuers? 
13877	To how much radiation are you exposed on a transcontinental flight?	You often hear people object to being scanned because of the "radiation" argument. I find this always quite amusing from people just being exposed to higher radiation levels during the average airplane flight. I once read a article on the levels of being exposed to radiation in everyday live, but I lost the article. I remember that the exposure in planes was quit substantial. Somewhere in the order of one body scan is equal to 10 minutes of your average transcontinental flight.   So my question is, to how much more radiation are you really exposed while traveling in an airplane, compared to staying on the ground? 
13896	How can I obtain a one-week Schengen visa?	I'm a grad student in US on F-1 visa and hold a Jordanian passport. This summer I'm planning to visit Denmark for one week to attend a conference and then come back to US. I've the admission letter to attend from the university.   Does anyone know what I need to do (what application(s) I need to fill out and what documents I need to submit)? 
13896	How can I obtain a one-week Schengen visa?	I'm a grad student in US on F-1 visa and hold a Jordanian passport. This summer I'm planning to visit Denmark for one week to attend a conference and then come back to US. I've the admission letter to attend from the university.   Does anyone know what I need to do (what application(s) I need to fill out and what documents I need to submit)? 
13911	What non third world country would allow me to work temporarily?	I am planning on going on a 10 month trip after my study as a Dutch citizen. In this 10 months I mostly want to travel, but as money will be needed at some point, I also want to work.  By that time I will be 24 years old and have a master's degree, but as big companies probably won't hire me for 2-3 months I am aiming at more simple jobs like being a waiter, a postman, or something along those lines.  From this question I understand that my plan will not be executable in the USA as I'm not allowed to work on a nonimmigrant visa.  What non third world countries do allow temporary employment of foreigners in a way that will make my plan feasible? 
13823	Can I obtain more than one working holiday visa?	I'm sure this has been discussed before but: I'm in the midst of planning a trip to Europe. I'm an Australian citizen, born and bred, and I'm only 22. I'm organising a working holiday scheme (WHS) visa for the Netherlands as I have a friend there who can line me up with work if I want it. The terms of the visa let me travel around as much as I like in the Schengen area for up to 1 year, but only work in the Netherlands, as it is organised through the Dutch consulate specifically. Just so we're clear, this is different to a Schengen Travel Visa, which allows free movement for 90 days in a six month period in the Schengen area. I want to stay in Europe for more than 1 year though.  So my question is: Can I organise another year-long working holiday visa in another country within that Schengen area (I'm thinking Germany) towards the end of my Netherlands visa to allow me to travel around for another year? If not, can I organise a visa for the UK easily at that time, and does the UK visa allow travel into the schengen area so I could go back and catch anything I missed in the first year?  Failing all that, is there any other way I can stay in Europe for more than 1 year without having to commit to studying or working the whole time, as I spent the last three years in Australia working 7 days a week to save enough money that I can blow it all just travelling around and seeing as much of Europe's beauty as possible? 
13941	European traveler driving a rental car across Canada/US border and back	I'm a citizen of an EU member state traveling to a small city in Vermont. Looking at flight data, it seems that it would be quite a bit quicker to fly into Montreal (Canada) and then drive a rental car to my final destination in Vermont (and back), rather than getting a connecting flight into a small local US airport. I am slightly worried about the trouble I might get myself into by crossing a land border twice, though.  Can anyone give me an idea of what I'd be getting into in terms of:   Crossing time Discomfort Additional paperwork required   For both the outbound (Canada/US) and the return leg (US/Canada) of my journey, when compared to crossing the border at an international airport?  Also, do I need to take any special actions when I'm arranging a rental car if I intend to drive it over to the US and back? 
13951	Zagreb: How/where to get tickets for a football game?	I am in Zagreb next month. Does anyone know where it would be possible to get a ticket for the football games on? (From a tout is an option I'd consider).  A website, tour office or similar?  Alternatively, will there be any fan parks with large screens showing the game? 
13952	Could Legoland Windsor be considered a tourist attraction of London?	We are traveling to London with our kids. As one of the attractions, Legoland Windsor, is mentioned. I am wondering if this is more a local attraction, or is it a valid attraction to consider when visiting London as a tourist/  How does it for example compare to Disneyland Paris?  EDIT Thanks for the great answers so far. We will be traveling with our own car and I am aware of the distance to the city. What I am trying to find out is how special Legoland windsor is. Is it more aiming at locals as just any other (Dime a dozen) amusement park , or would lego lovers from all over the world be excited.  
13985	London to Dublin: bus, train, plane, or car rental?	London to Dublin: bus, train, plane, or car rental? I would like to travel from London to Dublin (with family). But the web-sites for the ferries seem to be vague about the cost for automobiles. (And they seem to be focused on the last-minute travelers).   The date is May, 2013. I would prefer the train/ferry, but what are the other options? 
13988	Is it allowed to transport a small gas container, for a camping stove, in the luggage?	I am planning to go camping abroad. I am taking a camping stove, but I am not sure I can take the gas bottle (kind of like this one)  Of course I can buy one at the destination, but I am not sure where and how I will find one. It would be more practical just to carry it.  Am I allowed to carry this in the check-in luggage? 
14015	Are airport duty-free shops really cheaper?	I guess this one will be hard to answer because prices vary from airport to airpot, but...every time I travel friends tell me not to forget to "bring something from the free shop".  On a general basis it would be advisable to wait for the free shop to buy things you are willing to buy?   Is the price difference really worth the risk of not finding what you are looking for at the airport? or is it just a marketing stunt to get more sales? 
14051	VWP question regarding re entry	I entered the USA on a Visa Waiver Program (VWP) on 1 July 2012 and stayed until 16 Sep 2012 (78 days).  On what date in 2013 will I be able to travel to USA again under VWP? 
14066	Which countries do you need a visa or permission to visit Antarctica as an Iranian?	It is a complicated and difficult process to get a visa from most countries of the world as an Iranian citizen. Now I want to know that visas of which countries are needed for this reason and is there any visas only to get to Antarctica then immediately come back home without staying in the other countries like a transit visa? 
14074	What does it take to make my car fully compliant with all EU countries?	In Belgium every car is required to carry at least one fire extinguisher. In Germany you need to have an environment sticker to drive into a city. In France you might need alcohol testers. Coming from mainland Europe to the UK you are required to apply lamp stickers. You need to have fluo vests in some countries. Sometime only the driver, some times all passengers. Today I learned that in Spain you are required to carry spare glasses. If you are wearing sun glasses, while driving you also need to have spare sun glasses.  I could ofcourse ask a question on each country which I intend to visit, but can I make my car fully EU compliant. Meaning I have everything required in if it is required in at least one EU member state.   What inventory should I have in my car? What tests, governmental stickers, or other regulation should I adhere too? 
14074	What does it take to make my car fully compliant with all EU countries?	In Belgium every car is required to carry at least one fire extinguisher. In Germany you need to have an environment sticker to drive into a city. In France you might need alcohol testers. Coming from mainland Europe to the UK you are required to apply lamp stickers. You need to have fluo vests in some countries. Sometime only the driver, some times all passengers. Today I learned that in Spain you are required to carry spare glasses. If you are wearing sun glasses, while driving you also need to have spare sun glasses.  I could ofcourse ask a question on each country which I intend to visit, but can I make my car fully EU compliant. Meaning I have everything required in if it is required in at least one EU member state.   What inventory should I have in my car? What tests, governmental stickers, or other regulation should I adhere too? 
14074	What does it take to make my car fully compliant with all EU countries?	In Belgium every car is required to carry at least one fire extinguisher. In Germany you need to have an environment sticker to drive into a city. In France you might need alcohol testers. Coming from mainland Europe to the UK you are required to apply lamp stickers. You need to have fluo vests in some countries. Sometime only the driver, some times all passengers. Today I learned that in Spain you are required to carry spare glasses. If you are wearing sun glasses, while driving you also need to have spare sun glasses.  I could ofcourse ask a question on each country which I intend to visit, but can I make my car fully EU compliant. Meaning I have everything required in if it is required in at least one EU member state.   What inventory should I have in my car? What tests, governmental stickers, or other regulation should I adhere too? 
14082	Is it possible to make a decent income from travelling the world?	My dream is to be able to travel the world and have a new adventure every day. With the internet, every day I'm able to see this beautiful and unique world, but those are only photos. I want to experience those places and cultures.  There are some things, of course, I have to think about, and the one most important is income. How do I support myself while travelling the world? The first thing I think is What are my talents?  I'm a software engineer and love everything about software and the open source world. I'm a hard gamer and love to play a variety of games. I have very little experience with video and photo editing (Photoshop and After Effects), but the little I had with that, I enjoyed it. How can I make a decent salary writing software while travelling the world?  I've also thought about writing a blog about my day-to-day adventures, and maybe even making a Youtube channel with vlogs about my day-to-day adventures. If I were to do that, how successful do you think it would be? If it was, how well could that support me (or how much money do you think I can make)? I also thought about photography, and to take photos and to sell them online, if that's possible.  Of course, there are things that, as a normal citizen, I wouldn't have to pay like house payment (though I would be paying rent or for a hotel which may or may not be less), car payment (though I would rent cars when I needed to), home internet (I could use Wi-Fi at local shops if applicable), entertainment (most likely if I'm travelling the world, I will have less concern about what new movies or games are coming out), etc.  I make a pretty good salary and have GREAT benefits including health care, retirement, etc. For me, it would be hard to let go of those kind of things. Is it possible while travelling the world to get some sort of health care? I hate to sound negative, but what happens if I need surgery but can't afford it, could I not get health care? And how would I take care of my retirement? What happens when I'm old and decrepit and don't move around as well as now?  It's that time in my life where sitting behind a desk, 40 hours a week, 5 days a week just isn't cutting it. Has anybody here or anybody you know of attempted this? How successful were they? 
14093	US 2013 sequestration, how much extra time to take on a Visa Waiver when traveling to a non-international US destination?	This post from 2011 considers the question how much time one should take when connecting from an international flight to domestic transportation in the United States. Most answers report one should take 3 hours. The Swedish news reported that due to the 2013 sequestration, the time it takes for Swedish citizens to go through customs and immigration will increase by four hours. I suppose it's the same for Swedish as for others that can visit on a Visa Waiver.  Adding those facts implies one should take seven hours for connecting public transportation, which effectively means one shouldn't try connecting transportation the same day as arriving. Is this accurate? Considering the 2013 sequestration, how much time should one take for a connecting flight to the USA? 
14101	How to get from DMK Airport to Sathorn Road, Tungmahamek Sathorn, Bangkok?	I wil be traveling from Vietname to Thailand arriving at DMK airport. How can I get from DMK to Sathorm Road and how much would it cost if I take a taxi? 
14108	What does '48 hours before departure' mean?	I was advised that I have to confirm my flight 48 hours before departure. What does that mean exactly? '48 hours before the departure' is just a "point" of time, not a period. I don't think it means I have to do so 'exactly' 48 hours before the departure because it's almost impossible.  The possibilities are 1) Before '48 hours before the departure' 2) After '48 hours before the departure' 3) Around '48 hours before the departure'  I'm really confused 
14138	Traveling developer in South/Central America	I am a developer from Amsterdam and I have employers who pay me while I am developing from abroad. The experience is great, I get to see many many things without the need to touch my saving, but in order to live this way it is essential that I have access to wifi at least 3 days a week and that I should not need to worry about my belongings getting stolen.   Does anybody know what the wifi is like in the following regions:    Chile  Bolivia Peru  Panama Costa Rica Nicaragua    From my experience when a hostels says that they have wifi that it is not always that reliable. Also, if possible I would like to know how safe it is to bring my laptop to work in a country. I will always carry the laptop on me while traveling or leave it at a hostel (I tend to only book hostels that have a secure locker or rent out an appartment at airbnb.com).  
14144	Where in the world knowing Russian and English will not be enough?	I speak Russian and English. Will those 2 languages be sufficient to travel anywhere in the world as a tourist? Or there are some regions where it wouldn't be enough?  By sufficient, I mean, I would be able to buy tickets, book a room in hotel, order taxi, use a restaurant etc. 
14127	How to get from downtown Los Angeles to Disneyland and back without a car?	I'll be staying in downtown Los Angeles (near USC) soon and would like to plan a day out to Disneyland.  What good options are available for getting to Disneyland in the morning and back into downtown Los Angeles the same night, without a rental car?    Regarding rental vehicles, it's a combination of being young/not wanting to drive in a foreign country with different road rules/not liking the thought of driving in LA traffic that's putting me off it.  I understand Los Angeles doesn't have a very good reputation for public transport, but what options are there available for this trip? 
14129	Chinese etiquette: Most common mistakes	My question is inspired by this one: Japanese etiquette: Most common (and offensive) mistakes? Which made me think about my upcoming trip to China.   As a Dutch citizen, I have experienced a lot that what we consider normal behavior, is considered rude or absolutely not-done, in other, even bordering, European countries. I've not been in Asia before, but I am prepared to try to adjust to the local customs as much as possible, and I think there is a lot that can be done wrong.  I've read the linked question with great interest, but I wonder to what degree these answers will actually apply to China?   For example, I recently learned that when toasting, you show respect by keeping your glass lower than the other. 
14215	Australian on VWP: can I go to Canada and come back to USA after 2 days?	I am Australian Citizen on VWP in the US, my 90 days expires in 8 days. I am on a family (relatives) holiday whom I met after 15 years and not ready to go back. I have ESTA valid for another year or so.  My questions are:   Can I go to Canada and come back to USA after 2 days? Do I need to have a 90 day gap between my return to USA from anywhere or Canada?   Please help me and greatly appreciated! Cheers! 
14200	Internet in Japan	During travel in Japan I would like to have internet in my laptop and Ipad. What is not very expensive solution to do that? Is there any prepaid internet in Japan? I Think I will need 1GB 
14257	Where in Beijing or Hong Kong can I buy good jade jewelry? How will I know it's the real thing?	I will be traveling to Beijing and Hong Kong in April. I would like to buy some jade jewelry as souvenirs but do not want to take a chance of dealing with fraudulent sellers.  Can you tell me where in these cities I can find reputable jade dealers? How can I know that the jade I am looking at is good quality jade? 
14269	How far in advance is it recommended to book flight tickets?	Ok so I know that rule of thumb for booking flight tickets is 'earlier the better' but I am not sure how far in advance should the action be taken. I have seen many cases where the min. prices at say 4 months before travel dates are higher than 3 months before, this I believe is primarily due to a new flight route being added or some complex airline thingy beyond me but this almost always happens. Also let me know if this is common or I am mistaken here.  So I am asking what is the time line that I should draw untill I look for better deals and book the flight eventually. I have to travel in last week June and return around 1 week Aug, I am open to changes in travel dates by 1 week in both direction and both ways. 
14282	Determining if flight prices are likely to increase soon	I'm planning to fly from Australia to Japan for a conference that straddles May and June, but unfortunately they haven't released tickets for the conference yet. I'm 95% sure I'd be able to buy a conference ticket when it gets released, but not totally sure. Thankfully, I have three weeks of annual leave, which gives me a bit of flexibility for when I fly.  I'm currently planning on waiting until conference tickets get released before booking any flights, but I'm getting twitchy.  What approaches can I use to see if prices are likely to increase soon?  Approaches I can envisage are   Check what's happening with flights a week or three ahead of when I want to fly. (This was mentioned in Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?) Check whether some flights on more popular days around my flight time are starting to go up in price, and if that's happening, choose other days that haven't gone up in price yet. Sign up for some travel website "last seats selling" alert? (Are these things trustworthy?)   Additionally, is there any way of telling if a date I want is likely to be peak season for travel and therefore sell out faster than approach #1 would indicate? 
14297	Is it possible to travel on cargo airplanes?	Some time ago I heard someone telling about travelling in cargo planes. Apparently some of those planes have a limited amount of extra seats and companies would sell them for an extra profit.  Does anyone have any information about this? Is that still possible?  
14334	Where to exchange Euros(EUR) to Pounds(GBP) near Frankfurt or in Edinburgh	I'm planning a trip to Scotland and I want to know where would be the best place to exchange British Pounds (GBP). I think that the exchange rates at the airports are not good, so my options are  the Frankfurt/Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region and Edinburgh. Where can I get a better rate - bank or exchange shop?  EDIT I have no credit card, only V PAY card (Postbank Germany)  which I can't use in the UK.  The ATM usage fee would be 1% 
14333	Cheap multi-route (open-jaw) flights	I need to get a flight Prague(PRG) - Paris(CDG) and Paris(CDG) - Budapest(BUD), in June. The Air France web system offers me an unbelievable price EUR 680.  If I try similar thing on the Czech Airlines system with a flight PRG-CDG and Geneve(GVA)-PRG, the price is cca EUR 160, similar to a return ticket PRG-CDG.  It seems that Czech Airlines are willing to consider such a ticket as "return" and offer the cheapest tariffs. However, Czech Airlines obviously won't offer me the flight I need.  Is there a way to convince Air France (or someone else) to offer me such a ticket? I know I can use the low-costs, but they are the last option for me, almost equivalent to taking the circa-20-hour trains.  (I apology if any of the "cheap flights" questions treat precisely the "different return" tickets, I wasn't able to find such information.) 
14372	Simple phone for US-only use: GSM 850/1900, or CDMA/IS-95?	I currently have a Nokia 1200 and I've never visited an area where it doesn't work. My phone operates on 900/1800 MHz, so it will not work in the USA. Soon, I will visit the USA for approximately one month, and I might relocate there later. If I understand correctly, 2-G communication inside the USA is either IS-95/CDMA or GSM at 850/1900 MHz. For my upcoming and future visits, I want a simple phone — preferably something similar to my Nokia 1200 — that is pre-paid. I phone very rarely, but it is important that I am able to phone occasionally. Therefore, I am looking to buy a(n) (ultra)basic pre-paid phone for US-only use.  Between IS-95/CDMA phones and GSM 850/1900 MHZ phones, which one would be recommendable considering:   Coverage, including rural areas (for example, Mammoth Lakes, California) Validity of pre-paid credit (if I charge my phone with 10 US$, then not use it for a year, do I still have my credit?) Overall costs Other factors  
14391	Arriving in Venice - Single American Woman	I am traveling to Italy at the end of April/beginning of May and I am traveling alone. I have never been to Europe or traveled anywhere internationally (Canada and Mexico excluded). My flight takes me to Venice from New York (direct) and I will return from Rome to New York (direct). I will stay three nights in Venice, three nights in Florence, and three nights in Rome. I have read advice from many different sites but it appears to be conflicting. I am taking credit and debit cards and plan to pick up some money from an ATM once I get to Venice.   Question: What can I expect going through customs arriving in Venice and what is the best mode of transportation to get from the airport to the Venice Island Piazzale Roma area? Finally, is this area relatively central and safe? 
14399	What kind of bag can I use to travel with a baby car seat?	I need to carry a baby car seat on an international air trip. The car seat's dimensions are 28.5 x 17.5 x 30.9 inches and it looks like this:    I'm having trouble finding an appropriate bag for carrying it. The best option I've found so far was a military style duffle bag, like these ones, the largest of which has dimensions of 30" x 50" (diameter by height):    Are these bags large enough to hold the car seat on an air travel? 
14403	External hard drive for storing photo backups whilst travelling	Can anyone recommend a sturdy external hard drive specifically designed for travelling that I can back up photos and videos on? 
14401	What's the best way to travel around Greece? Train or Bus?	Looks like a train pass for a 25 year old is only $150 for 5 travel days, but I hear the trains don't run everywhere, so would it just be cheaper to take the buses everywhere? And what is the best way to get to and from Greece via Istanbul? Bus/train? 
14423	Transferring luggage when taking another plane	I have flight where I need to move from airplane to another. Do I need to check out my luggage and then check it in again, or will it be automaticaly transfered to another plane? 
14430	Can I rent a car in UK to travel to Republic of Ireland?	I want to rent a car in the UK for a driving holiday in Ireland - do any rental firms permit this? 
14431	Where can I go by boat from Amsterdam?	Where can I go by boat from Amsterdam ? What are the closest destinations, in the North Sea and how long are the trips ?  Any link to a website about it is welcome. I need an introduction to the topic. 
14416	Must I take baggage through customs when flying through Heathrow?	I am flying with Heathrow on a stopover (bought a ticket from TLV(Tel Aviv) to Heathrow to YYZ (Toronto)). My first leg is on ElAl. My plane lands at a different terminal than it takes off from.  Do I have to take my bag, go through customs, etc. or does the airport take care of it? 
10824	Inexpensive eating-out food in western Europe	In Asian cities (including modern/first-world cities such as Singapore), there are a lot of food centers which sell decent, but very inexpensive food. For example, in Singapore they are called Hawker Centres. It is very common throughout the city, and the food can be as low as costing only $3 (I would say, 1/5 of a meal in mid-range restaurants, and maybe almost equal the cost of cooking it on your own). It is very convenient if you don't want to spend a lot for eating out, yet you don't want to spend a lot of time cooking.  So far I haven't found anything similar in Western Europeans (or North American) major cities. There are some food shop and stalls which are somewhat cheaper than restaurants, but the difference is not as big as restaurants vs hawker centres.   Is there something analogous to this in Western Europe? If not, why? There must also be people who don't want to always eat out at expensive restaurants, yet also prefer not to have to cook?  
14522	Differences between the Routes of the Camino de Santiago	I will be a first time "pilgrim" in July of the Camino de Santiago (Way of St James) and am deciding on the various routes. Can someone explain what differences are encountered on the routes - how strenuous, distances between places, popularity, for example? 
14541	Are there any places in the US where I can drive a tank?	I know I've asked about possibility of flying in a military fighter jet before but going through some of my old answers I discovered that you can take a tour driving a tank.  Well this is actually a БТР which isn't a tank but is still cool!  Any places in US I can do the same?  EDIT  Apparently actual tank driving is also possible 
14549	Montreal - Atlanta travel	I'm preparing a quite long travel and part of it would be to go from Montreal to Atlanta. I've never been in America, and wondered if there may be alternative to plane, preferably cheaper ?  I may take up to 3 days for the travel, though 1 or 2 would still be better :) 
14610	Is it possible for a foreigner to drive through (mainland) China in a foreign-registered car?	Is it possible to drive through mainland China, for example for transit from Kazakhstan to Vietnam, as a non-Chinese citizen, in an own car/van/truck?  This is about an European Union citizen, trying to make a tourist trip overland by car from the EU to Vietnam. This is about a special (equipped with sleeping, cooking and other facilities) vehicle, that the owner intends to keep and use in Vietnam, so buying/renting a vehicle inside China and selling it before leaving is not an option - the question is about driving a specific vehicle the owner already has in the EU to Vietnam. getting new licence plates is OK, as long as it is allowed to put back the old ones when the vehicle gets back to the EU.  What legal issues are there with getting in an own car over China, and how to overcome them?  Is it possible to drive a car with EU licence plates through China, or would one have to get something like temporary Chinese plates? Is an EU driving licence valid? Are there any customs issues one has to know about, and how long one can keep a foreign motor vehicle in China without having to pay import taxes on it? 
14658	Is there a 3G Sim Card that is usable in both Japan and China?	I will be going to Japan and China next month. As I don't want to activate the data roaming on my carrier due to the high charge, I am looking to buy local Sim Card with 3G data plan that is cheap and usable in both Japan and China.   Where and how I can buy them? I am carrying an iPhone 4.   I understand that I can buy Chinese SimCard 3G with data plan in China, but unfortunately with that SimCard comes with a lot of restrictions as to which site I can browse and which site I can't. Is there any other better alternative? 
14675	Must I leave the Schengen Area to start a new 6 month period as a Canadian?	I'm a Canadian, which is one of the visa waiver countries for the Schengen Area.  I understand the 90/180 day rule is based on your first arrival date, so the 180 day period is calculated from there.  If I entered the Schengen Area on January 1st of 2013, and stayed for two weeks, and then left, and then returned on June 1st and stayed until June 30th, I would have about 1.5 months used in that 180 day period. A new period should now start on July 1st, which should enable me to be there for another 90 days before requiring me to leave.  Am I correct in this? I think I am based on what I read here: About Schengen 90/180 rule  But my real question is do I need to leave to a non-schengen state on June 30th, and then fly back immediately? Or can I just stay in the country I am for the new 90 days? 
14696	Can I change planes at JFK without a visa?	I'm traveling from Germany to Cancun, Mexico. I change planes at JFK from Air Berlin to American Airlines. I have a Mexican passport. I do not have a visa for travel to the USA. I do not have a credit card to pay for these online visa applications. I am simply traveling wherever I please. I don't intend on getting a visa to travel or stay in the USA. Will I be hassled at the airport? Will I be kept in a cell until my flight to mexico leaves? Will I be allowed on my plane? Basically, what's the worst that can happen? I had no troubles traveling in and out of Europe or Switzerland, how will the USA be different? 
14725	VWP - Can I leave the US and go to Paris and return back to the USA?	I'm going to be traveling to the United States to visit family. I will come back to France at my 90 days and would like to turn around and come back to the US a few days later to spend more time with my family. Will I be granted another 90 day Visa? 
14761	Driving in U.S. (Hawaii) with EU license written in Czech	I have a European driving license which is completely written in Czech (see photos below). Can I use it for driving in the U.S. (I will go to Hawaii for 3 weeks), or do I have to obtain another document where the information is written in English?   
14773	How trustworthy are government travel advice sites? Are there alternatives?	In How do I know if it&#39;s safe to travel to a country at a specific time? , the main suggestion for determining the safety of travel to a certain country are travel advice agencies run by governments.  This may be good for advice about which countries to expect hypothermia in, and which countries to expect heat stroke, but is there the risk of sites not mentioning certain risks due to political interference?  For example, I assume most government travel advice sites will have information on the radiation situation in Japan. But a lot of people (including Japanese citizens) distrust the Japanese government, and I wouldn't be surprised if they suspect the government of not only being willing to misinform its own citizens, but also being willing to stop other governments from providing accurate information about the safety of visiting Japan. (Though they haven't stopped safecast.org from operating)  Another potential source of information are travel guides. But they may have a conflict of interest, in that if they describe a country as being unsafe to travel to, people may decide not to buy guidebooks for that country.  Yet another potential source of information is mainstream media news reports. I don't really trust them, because they may be biased because of the owners, staff or target audience, and also sensationalistic but inaccurate reporting may be good for sales. Also, they may accept money for tourism advertising, which would be another source of conflict of interest.  How well founded are these concerns? Are there alternatives, such as well-funded and professional online resources solely dedicated to the safety of destinations? 
14773	How trustworthy are government travel advice sites? Are there alternatives?	In How do I know if it&#39;s safe to travel to a country at a specific time? , the main suggestion for determining the safety of travel to a certain country are travel advice agencies run by governments.  This may be good for advice about which countries to expect hypothermia in, and which countries to expect heat stroke, but is there the risk of sites not mentioning certain risks due to political interference?  For example, I assume most government travel advice sites will have information on the radiation situation in Japan. But a lot of people (including Japanese citizens) distrust the Japanese government, and I wouldn't be surprised if they suspect the government of not only being willing to misinform its own citizens, but also being willing to stop other governments from providing accurate information about the safety of visiting Japan. (Though they haven't stopped safecast.org from operating)  Another potential source of information are travel guides. But they may have a conflict of interest, in that if they describe a country as being unsafe to travel to, people may decide not to buy guidebooks for that country.  Yet another potential source of information is mainstream media news reports. I don't really trust them, because they may be biased because of the owners, staff or target audience, and also sensationalistic but inaccurate reporting may be good for sales. Also, they may accept money for tourism advertising, which would be another source of conflict of interest.  How well founded are these concerns? Are there alternatives, such as well-funded and professional online resources solely dedicated to the safety of destinations? 
14799	Traveling to tomorrow/yesterday	This question always comes to my mind and I cannot find a logical answer to it. We all know that there are some hours differ in the time if we travel from east to west or from west to east.  Suppose I am now at one of the most western countries (like Hawai) where the time is 7 PM on Saturday and I travel to one of the most eastern countries (Like Newsland) where the time would be around 6 PM on Sunday, would it be considered as traveling to tomorrow? 
14812	Former Gulag camps in Russia	I have already asked a simular question about Former Nazi camps and prisons in Europe, now I would like to know if there are any Gulag camps that I can see from the inside? 
14904	Are there any sites that let me book 7 or more multi-city flights?	I have a project that is requiring me to travel to seven different locations and I need to find a travel site that will allow me to book more than six multi-flights in order to accommodate for this need. does anyone know of any sites that will allow me to do this? 
14894	Car rental with baby seats: is it better to carry seats or rent seats?	It's a bit of a general question, but to narrow things down, what is the cheapest strategy for renting cars if you have two little children:   carry baby seats with yourself   or  rent car with two baby seats, although I didn't manage to find car with a single baby seat yet.   I'm considering Greece if it matters. I don't know yet what car rental company I would use, although cheaper is better and it depends on answers. If, for example, baby seats are rented only by expensive megacompanies like Hertz, then it would be cheaper to carry seats. 
14910	Can I still get from Heathrow to London on a double-decker bus?	Some years ago I rode a double-decker bus from Heathrow to Victoria Station and found it to be a great way in to the city, since we could sit up top and see so much. I'd love to do the same thing for an upcoming visit, but I am not sure the service still exists. The Heathrow transportation page mentions National Express as being the bus option from Heathrow to London. A picture at the bottom of the page shows a double-decker bus, but I am hoping to find stronger evidence than that, like independent confirmation that that really is the bus and that the ride is good. Can anyone provide some feedback? 
14880	What are my options for proof of travel itinerary when applying for a Brazilian visa on a US passport?	This question is quite similar, but with different specifics.  Undoubtedly, some of the options still apply, but specifically, what are my options to satisfy the Brazillian Immigration Authority's requirement for a travel itinerary:     Itinerary: copy of your round-trip ticket, booked itinerary(reservation) or letter from a travel agent under applicant’s name, with complete itinerary, flight number and arrival/departure dates and reservation code provided by the airline company;   What are the actual, enforced requirements for this itinerary?   Will a hotel reservation suffice in this case?  The language of the requirement seems unclear. I probably won't be doing a round-trip flight in any case; most likely I'll fly either from the U.S. or Mexico into Brazil, then from Brazil to Peru.  Will this pose a problem?  
14933	Can you have extra long transit times to explore a city?	Say you're in transit in an airport in a country you're allowed to visit without a visa. Could you plan a trip with a 3 day stopover, and stay in the city for that period with your carry-on? This seems like an easy way to get a "free" visit somewhere.  Is it legal/possible/practical? 
15947	Prepaid GSM data provider for Connecticut and NYC	I'll be traveling to the US (specifically Fairfield, Connecticut) in about 2 weeks. Which provider has the cheapest prepaid data rate? would I be charged roaming if I went to a different city or state? (e.g. New York City). As much as I'd like speed I'd be more concerned about coverage. How soon would they kill the number once I come back to my country? Would I be able to use the same SIM card if I went to Miami in 6 months? If so, being that far from where I bought the SIM, would I then be hit with roaming charges? 
15995	Stage 15 of le tour ending at Mont Ventoux - how to get there?	I am playing with the thought of getting down to France to see some of the 100th edition of le tour. The 15th stage ends spectacularly at Mont Ventoux after a 20.7 km climb at 7.5%.    pic by jack_of_hearts_398  What do I need to think of to do this? Are there buses that transports visitors or is it better to rent a car. How much in advance to I need to be there?  The tour then continues to the area around Gap. Is it viable to stay in or near Gap and visit Mont Ventoux over day for the stage finish? 
15947	Prepaid GSM data provider for Connecticut and NYC	I'll be traveling to the US (specifically Fairfield, Connecticut) in about 2 weeks. Which provider has the cheapest prepaid data rate? would I be charged roaming if I went to a different city or state? (e.g. New York City). As much as I'd like speed I'd be more concerned about coverage. How soon would they kill the number once I come back to my country? Would I be able to use the same SIM card if I went to Miami in 6 months? If so, being that far from where I bought the SIM, would I then be hit with roaming charges? 
16025	Strategy for cruise tickets: book now or last minute?	I'm interesting in a Caribbean cruise in June (it's now late March).  Prices seem to be higher for June (e.g., $249 lowest 3-night. Carnival) vs May ($199 lowest Carnival).   Does anyone know if the June prices tend to drop as you get closer to June? Is it better to book early or late?   (Then again, June might be higher because there's more travel demand. Or maybe May is lower because Carnival has had several incidents recently and they're trying to regain market share. Or maybe prices stay firm and the cruise line offers upgrades for those booking early.) 
16022	Is it allowed and advisable to transport beer in checked luggage?	I'd like to transport a six-pack of local beer from Canada to France. The amount of alcohol falls well below the amount I'm legally allowed to bring into Europe. My question concerns the logistics of transporting beer. I can't bring it in my carry-on since it's a liquid, and the simplest alternative seems to be to pack it in my suitcase (well cushioned in clothes to prevent breakage due to impacts/bumps). I'm concerned about the temperature of the baggage compartment, though. Will it be too cold, and cause the bottles to freeze and burst?  I'm flying Air Transat. 
16034	Can I stamp the visa to new passport as my visa have old passport number?	I am living in India and I applied for an employment visa from Kuwait. I got all visa documents now, but my old passport number is mentioned in all documents. I renewed my passport as my address changed and it has a new passport number. Is there a problem in stamping the visa to new passport as my visa have old passport number? 
16050	What does Ryanair do with airplanes in winter?	At FKB (Baden Airpark, Germany) summer timetable is now active, and frequency for virtually all Ryanair routes is much higher. This is a common pattern in general for Ryanair and other airlines in Europe: People seem to fly much more in summer.  What does Ryanair do with unused airplanes in winter?  I am wondering if there is any connection to the young average age of Ryanair's fleet (4.6 years as of February 2013), now and possibly in the future. Perhaps Ryanair is selling airplanes in winter, and buying new ones shortly before summer season. 
16060	Multiple airline journey: do I have to check out/check in bags	I'm planning to buy a ticket from lufthansa. The first leg is operated by United Airlines and the second leg is a normal Lufthansa flight. I'm buying it from Lufthansa. Do I need to claim my luggage and check in again in Frankfurt (my connection airport)? 
16060	Multiple airline journey: do I have to check out/check in bags	I'm planning to buy a ticket from lufthansa. The first leg is operated by United Airlines and the second leg is a normal Lufthansa flight. I'm buying it from Lufthansa. Do I need to claim my luggage and check in again in Frankfurt (my connection airport)? 
11194	Land route from Chennai, Tamil Nadu to Amritsar, Punjab in India	Is there a well known backpackers' overland route between Chennai, Tamil Nadu to Amritsar, Punjab? Touching up on Agra and Varanasi in between, if possible. Preferably by bus and/or trains. I'm up to relaxed sightseeing; spending a couple of days in each of these spots. Please tell me about expected expenses, time duration etc. 
16174	When should you order tickets for an intercontinental flight when the return date is several months after the initial flight?	I have to fly from Norway to Hong Kong. This will take place near the end of August, and the return date will be the 22. December.  When is it optimal to book tickets? How many days before the flight can I expect ticket prices to increase drastically? 
16215	How can I travel to the north pole (Arctic areas) from Russia cheaply?	The best country to be able get the visa easier than the other countries to get to the north pole (Arctic area) is Russia. Now, how can I get there cheaply? 
8458	Cheap bus lines in Germany, something like Orangeways?	Are there any cheap bus lines inside Germany? Something like Orangeways?  I've checked Deutsche Bahn cost for transport from Berlin to München and I was shocked with the price about 100 Euro. By Orangeways similar distance costs about 20 Euro... Is there any operator that allows to travel in Germany with so attractive prices? 
8458	Cheap bus lines in Germany, something like Orangeways?	Are there any cheap bus lines inside Germany? Something like Orangeways?  I've checked Deutsche Bahn cost for transport from Berlin to München and I was shocked with the price about 100 Euro. By Orangeways similar distance costs about 20 Euro... Is there any operator that allows to travel in Germany with so attractive prices? 
16265	Sufi Dance in Turkey	I'm looking for a Sufi dance show in Istanbul. I'd like to watch for a "real and non-hollywood" show. I don't need dinner nor drinks nor any kind of extras. 
16253	Can I use Chinese Yuans (RMB) in Hong Kong?	I just decided to change my plans and I am leaving China to Hong Kong in the next few hours. I still have some Chinese Yuans in my wallet, will those be accepted in Hong Kong or I have to change them to Hong Kong Dollars? 
16266	Can I bring my desktop computer as check-in baggage on a flight?	I am moving from Malaysia to the US, and planning to bring my desktop computer with me. I plan to pack it in my checked-in luggage. Will the computer risk being damaged? Any precaution should I take to reduce this risk? Will there be any trouble with the airline or immigration about bringing computer? 
16270	What is the fastest speed a passenger airplane flies at?	How fast does the world's currently fastest passenger plane fly (cruise speed)? Do any passenger planes fly faster than the speed of sound? 
16266	Can I bring my desktop computer as check-in baggage on a flight?	I am moving from Malaysia to the US, and planning to bring my desktop computer with me. I plan to pack it in my checked-in luggage. Will the computer risk being damaged? Any precaution should I take to reduce this risk? Will there be any trouble with the airline or immigration about bringing computer? 
16286	Is it possible for a U.S. citizen to rent a car in Brazil?	Is it possible for a U.S. citizen to rent a car in Brazil? If so, what are the requirements, from the leasing companies, as well as the transit authority (to drive in Brazil)? 
16283	What can security officials do when they suspect my checked baggage?	Chris S answer in this question recommends against packing items such as desktop computer because they can look suspicious to the security officials.  Assuming I lock my luggage, what can they do if they suspect the baggage? Are they allowed to break the luggage without my permission? 
16295	Is it worthwhile to rent a phone in Buenos Aires?	I'm taking a quick trip to Buenos Aires and while I know I can buy a SIM card for my phone, what I am curious about is the options of renting a cheap voice only phone while I am there.    Various websites offer such services in Buenos Aires and promise to deliver to your hotel (thus saving the time/hassle of hunting down a SIM card), but none mention prices or give me much confidence in their quality.      So do these sites deliver on their promises? And how does the cost stack up against a pre-paid SIM? 
16272	Is it possible for non-military travelers to fly above the speed of sound?	I know for example the Concorde flew faster than sound, but I believe the options are much more limited now. Is it possible to be in a plane that breaks the sound barrier, without having access to flights in planes like the F16? 
16294	Where can I find guided tours of Australia by indigenous people?	Where can I find guided tours of Australia by Aboriginal persons, or organisations, ideally where profits go back into helping or preserving the local people and/or landmarks? I would love to see Ayers Rock. 
16297	Would I delay flights, when not showing up for part of the journey?	This is a hypothetical question.  Say you book a flight from A through B to C. For some reason or another, you choose not to board the last part of my trip. Would this create problems for other passengers?  When a checked in traveller does not show up for a flight, that flight is actually delayed – at least if he/she has baggage checked in. If he/she doesn't show up within a reasonable time, the crew will start off-loading the baggage, delaying the flight even further. In my experience, this process takes approximately 20 minutes (which may be very frustrating for other travellers, whom may have planes to catch at the next airport).  So, to recap:   If I don't show up for one part of the journey, will that delay those flights? What if my luggage is short checked to point B (for example,    when they need to be taken through customs) and you don't check them  back in? What if I only bring carry-on luggage?    There are some related questions below, but they focus on whether or not you as a traveller may face problems, whereas I am more interested in what problems it will cause for the airlines and other travellers. Not flying the last segment of the first half of a return flight Consequence of not showing up for one leg of journey Do you have to take the second leg of a flight? 
16297	Would I delay flights, when not showing up for part of the journey?	This is a hypothetical question.  Say you book a flight from A through B to C. For some reason or another, you choose not to board the last part of my trip. Would this create problems for other passengers?  When a checked in traveller does not show up for a flight, that flight is actually delayed – at least if he/she has baggage checked in. If he/she doesn't show up within a reasonable time, the crew will start off-loading the baggage, delaying the flight even further. In my experience, this process takes approximately 20 minutes (which may be very frustrating for other travellers, whom may have planes to catch at the next airport).  So, to recap:   If I don't show up for one part of the journey, will that delay those flights? What if my luggage is short checked to point B (for example,    when they need to be taken through customs) and you don't check them  back in? What if I only bring carry-on luggage?    There are some related questions below, but they focus on whether or not you as a traveller may face problems, whereas I am more interested in what problems it will cause for the airlines and other travellers. Not flying the last segment of the first half of a return flight Consequence of not showing up for one leg of journey Do you have to take the second leg of a flight? 
16297	Would I delay flights, when not showing up for part of the journey?	This is a hypothetical question.  Say you book a flight from A through B to C. For some reason or another, you choose not to board the last part of my trip. Would this create problems for other passengers?  When a checked in traveller does not show up for a flight, that flight is actually delayed – at least if he/she has baggage checked in. If he/she doesn't show up within a reasonable time, the crew will start off-loading the baggage, delaying the flight even further. In my experience, this process takes approximately 20 minutes (which may be very frustrating for other travellers, whom may have planes to catch at the next airport).  So, to recap:   If I don't show up for one part of the journey, will that delay those flights? What if my luggage is short checked to point B (for example,    when they need to be taken through customs) and you don't check them  back in? What if I only bring carry-on luggage?    There are some related questions below, but they focus on whether or not you as a traveller may face problems, whereas I am more interested in what problems it will cause for the airlines and other travellers. Not flying the last segment of the first half of a return flight Consequence of not showing up for one leg of journey Do you have to take the second leg of a flight? 
16319	Will I need a transit visa for US as a Canadian Student Visa holder?	I have a Canadian student Visa, and Pakistani by nationality. I wish to travel from Canada to Pakistan with a 7 hours transit in US. Do I need a transit Visa? 
16324	Rooftop restaurant in Santiago, Chile	Rooftop restaurants represent places with less dust as well as giving an overview of larger areas. Santiago has fabulous mountains in the vicinity. Rooftop restaurant are not easy to get by - simply because they often are not in plain sight.  I am looking for advice for a good rooftop (highrise level) restaurant or café in Santiago Chile. 
16265	Sufi Dance in Turkey	I'm looking for a Sufi dance show in Istanbul. I'd like to watch for a "real and non-hollywood" show. I don't need dinner nor drinks nor any kind of extras. 
16288	Passing immigration when father and child hold a different passports	I am the father of an infant child who currently has a different nationality to me (I hold an EU passport, and he has a non-EU passport).  On both of our passports we share the same surname.  My question is: What problems can I anticipate traveling with my child and without their mom?   Would immigration staff in any parts of the world deny us entry based on having different nationality passports?  This is a near duplicate of this question, that suggests traveling with the birth certificate as well. However as a father I am concerned that I may face more issues than a mother in the same situation? 
16354	Laptop customs in India	When I checked on the customs website (CBEC) then it was saying that one laptop is allowed as duty free if any passenger is at the age of 18 years and above. The problem is that I am 15 years old, if I carry that to abroad and came back with that, I have to pay that. What is the solution of carrying laptop without paying customs duty and where to get it? 
16354	Laptop customs in India	When I checked on the customs website (CBEC) then it was saying that one laptop is allowed as duty free if any passenger is at the age of 18 years and above. The problem is that I am 15 years old, if I carry that to abroad and came back with that, I have to pay that. What is the solution of carrying laptop without paying customs duty and where to get it? 
16283	What can security officials do when they suspect my checked baggage?	Chris S answer in this question recommends against packing items such as desktop computer because they can look suspicious to the security officials.  Assuming I lock my luggage, what can they do if they suspect the baggage? Are they allowed to break the luggage without my permission? 
14364	What is the cheapest way to go from Lyon (France) to Milan (Italy)?	I am from Egypt and I am going to Lyon for a conference which will finish on 27th of March. I need to go to Milan for a short visit after the conference. Is there anybody knows the best way to do that? 
16412	Can I enter Kosovo with EU ID card?	Since June 2010 EU citizens can enter Serbia with ID card. I wonder if I can also enter Kosovo with ID card? 
16426	What steps can you take to avoid being bumped from a flight?	Following on from this question about Overbooking, we know that airlines will often sell more tickets than there are seats on a plane, and from time to time they guess wrong and too many people actually turn up to fly. That can lead to bumping, but isn't the only reason why it might happen.  If you are set to fly on a flight which has more people turn up than there are seats (due to mis-judged overbooking, delays to other flights, equipment changes etc), some people sadly won't be getting the plane. What steps can you take to try to avoid being one of those people? Does class of travel or ticket price matter? Frequent Flier status? First to check in? Last? Connections? One way vs return? 
16433	Minors travelling abroad alone from India	As I am 15 years old I could't find age of travel abroad alone. What is the age of travel alone to abroad from india? 
16427	How can you take advantage of an airline needing to bump people?	Relating to this question about overbooking and this one on being bumped, we know that sometimes an airline needs to bump people from the flight.  In many cases when that happens, there's compensation on offer, or perhaps upgrades on later flights. If you're in a hurry, that's not of much interest. However, if you're not in a rush, you might actually find yourself better off by being one of the people not to make that flight.  How does it tend to work if you do want to be the person getting bumped? Is the amount on offer often negotiable? Does it change if you hang on longer? Does frequent flier status change things? And are you best off asking at checkin, or at the gate? 
16427	How can you take advantage of an airline needing to bump people?	Relating to this question about overbooking and this one on being bumped, we know that sometimes an airline needs to bump people from the flight.  In many cases when that happens, there's compensation on offer, or perhaps upgrades on later flights. If you're in a hurry, that's not of much interest. However, if you're not in a rush, you might actually find yourself better off by being one of the people not to make that flight.  How does it tend to work if you do want to be the person getting bumped? Is the amount on offer often negotiable? Does it change if you hang on longer? Does frequent flier status change things? And are you best off asking at checkin, or at the gate? 
12936	Ski Resorts during the Northern Hemisphere's Summer	I am wondering what Ski Resorts are available (open) for skiing during the Northern Hemisphere's summer?  Level of comfort and amenities don't really make a difference for the purposes of this question. 
16467	How to get to the airport in Venice, Italy early in the morning?	I am staying near St Marks Basilica. Need to fly from Marco Polo at 6:30 AM in the morning for an international flight, meaning that I have to be at the airport by 5. How do I get there, that early?  
16541	Is it possible to enter Kaliningrad via Poland and leave via Lithuania?	When entering the Kaliningrad Oblast via some specific entry points, EU citizens can get a visa for 72 hours at the border. This information can also be found on an official site.   Now I would like to know if with such a visa one has also to leave via these border points.   Indeed, is this procedure also valid if a EU citizen enters Kaliningrad via Poland, and leaves it in less than 72 hours via Lithuania? Or will she have to apply for a "traditional" visa in that case, as the border crossings with Lithuania are not part of this special visa program. 
16520	Can you see Fjords from Bergen as a day trip without a car?	I gather a great way to see a lot of the Norwegian Fjords is to head to Bergen, and take cruise from there over several days. I'm pondering a much shorter trip (and hopefully much cheaper too!) to Bergen, and I'm wondering if it might be possible to see at least a little bit of the fjords without a car in just a day?  Are there any buses that will take you to somewhere where you can hike to see the fjords? Or any day trip boats? Or will I need to plan to hire a car if I want to get out of the city to see the fjords? 
16572	Is there catering on Dutch domestic trains?	In the Netherlands there are local trains without toilets. So far so good.  I would like to know if there are catering facilities (bar, restaurant, trolley, dispenser, ... ) on domestic Dutch IC trains as well as on the IC trains from Brussels to Den Haag. Or do I have to do self-catering? I was not able to find an answer to this question on the NS website.  I know that many train trips are short, but e.g. Rotterdam to Groningen or Maastricht to Amsterdam last more or less 2h30.  
16602	Why is buying an airline ticket from the company more expensive than from an aggregator like Skyscanner?	I mostly travel with StarAlliance - SAS since its offers fit my business needs the best. I have been using the Skyscanner website, but yesterday, I bought my ticket directly from the SAS website.  I noticed that the ticket I bought on the SAS website was four euros more expensive than the tickets I normally buy from Skyscanner. Shouldn't it be cheaper to buy the ticket from the airline company directly?  I travel mostly in Nordic countries.  
16637	Will be returning to india with some gadgets, need to know on custom duty	I will be returning to india from UK. I will be bringing mobile phones and a laptop.   2 iPhone 5 (Used) 1 Samsung Galaxy S4 (new) 1 MacBook Pro 15" with retina display     will I have to pay custom duty ? 
16649	Are there any man-only places in the world?	I know it is forbidden to enter to Muslim's mosques/shrines without proper Islamic cover or having your shoes during walking through temples/tombs/shrines in India and some other Hindu countries or without proper cover going to a Christian church or monastery but I mean a man-only place which do not let any woman with any kind of cover and religion or proper considerations comes in.   P.S: It is not about divided places which both men and women can go there separately but man-only places. 
16663	Are non-Saudi women allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia?	A link from Are there any man-only places in the world? called No Women Allowed by Fox News repeats a claim I've often heard:     Women need a man, or government permission, to do just about anything   – Saudi Arabian women aren’t even allowed to drive.   By contrast, Wikipedia claims the situation is not as clear cut as that. And I'd be more inclined to trust Wikipedia than Fox News!  What is the situation of women drivers in Saudi Arabia? Is it legal? Is it illegal, but tolerated? Also, is it only Saudi Arabian subjects (or those that the government regard as Saudi Arabian subjects) that driving restrictions apply to, or does it apply to foreign visitors who aren't Saudi Arabian subjects? 
16699	How can I apply for a visa for Chile in Nigeria?	How can I apply for Chilean visa when there is no Chile embassy in Nigeria? Do I need to travel to Cote D'Ivoire? 
16706	Is there a taxi service in Bishop, California?	I'm looking for a taxi service in Bishop, California.  Yellow Pages lists Eastern Sierra Transit under taxi services, but this is a bus company and they do not mention a taxi service on their website.  Otherwise the nearest listing is in Mammoth Lakes, 68 km/42 miles away.  Is there any taxi service in Bishop, California? 
16734	Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan	I'm fully aware of the fact that Japan is considered a quite safe country in regards of petty crimes. However, I recently stumbled upon alerts about the Roppongi area where [quoting from wikitravel]      Some clip joints send foreign female confederates into other bars to pick up clueless-looking targets, and an increasing number of them will spike your drink and then ravage your credit card while you're out cold   Are there any other threats I should be aware of? Is that alert really only limited to Roppongi area in Tokyo?  [I travelled quite a bit alone so I think I know the basics of safe travelling but I still like to analyze the possible threats I could face in a particular country in order to be able to avoid them] 
16734	Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan	I'm fully aware of the fact that Japan is considered a quite safe country in regards of petty crimes. However, I recently stumbled upon alerts about the Roppongi area where [quoting from wikitravel]      Some clip joints send foreign female confederates into other bars to pick up clueless-looking targets, and an increasing number of them will spike your drink and then ravage your credit card while you're out cold   Are there any other threats I should be aware of? Is that alert really only limited to Roppongi area in Tokyo?  [I travelled quite a bit alone so I think I know the basics of safe travelling but I still like to analyze the possible threats I could face in a particular country in order to be able to avoid them] 
16794	Can one person carry 2 tablets and 2 phones when travelling to India?	My mom wants to carry 1 used tablet and 1 used phone (bought in the US) and 1 used tablet and 1 new phone as a gift.   She is traveling back to India (new Delhi) alone. Will this be a problem at customs? 
13958	Japanese etiquette: Most common (and offensive) mistakes?	I am aware that Japan has many unwritten rules of etiquette.  What are some of the most common (and offensive) breaches of etiquette made by visitors?  On the flip side, what behaviors show respect and understanding of the Japanese culture? 
16734	Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan	I'm fully aware of the fact that Japan is considered a quite safe country in regards of petty crimes. However, I recently stumbled upon alerts about the Roppongi area where [quoting from wikitravel]      Some clip joints send foreign female confederates into other bars to pick up clueless-looking targets, and an increasing number of them will spike your drink and then ravage your credit card while you're out cold   Are there any other threats I should be aware of? Is that alert really only limited to Roppongi area in Tokyo?  [I travelled quite a bit alone so I think I know the basics of safe travelling but I still like to analyze the possible threats I could face in a particular country in order to be able to avoid them] 
16712	Do any of the ski resorts near Zurich offer late season (May) skiing?	While none of the hills in and around Zurich offer skiing (though they do make for nice walks in the snow), I'm told that there are several good ski resorts within 2 hours by train / train+bus of the city centre. What I haven't found is any good resources listing usual closing dates for Swiss ski resorts, let alone one indexed by distance from key Swiss cities by public transport...  It has been a very cold winter this year, so I'm hopeful that there will be at least some resorts still offering skiing into May, which I'd be able to get to on the train easily.  Are there any resources listing the usual closing dates (and ideally actual ones) for Swiss ski resorts that I can use? And/or are there any that are well known for offering late season skiing easily accessible from Zurich? 
16832	SIM in Spain with tethering	I will be traveling to Spain soon and want to have the ability to use the internet on my laptop. I was wondering if there are pre-paid SIMs in Spain that provide tethering options. 
16847	Travel insurance to USA	I am planning to travel to USA for a short stay, around 2 months. I think it will be better to buy a little travel insurance in case I feel sick or anything. However, I have no idea about where to buy it. Do you have any piece of advice for my case about how to get an insurance?  
16877	What is appropriate attire for women in Muslim countries?	If my girlfriend was going to travel with me to, say, Jordan, or where-ever, should she probably wear a hijab when she's out and about in public? 
16868	Is there a website to minimize overall agony for N travelers at once?	Suppose I have 4-7 people in different cities around the US. They need to meet, doesn't matter where as long as there is a reasonable hotel with a conference room. Is there a website or method to determine the best central city to meet in? A city which minimizes the overall agony (cost + time + layovers) of all participants at once. 
3505	Cell phones in South Korea	What is the best way to get smart phone access when travelling a few days in South Korea? I am mostly interested in getting cheap data access (google maps...). 
16937	How do I get to Alpe d'Huez by public transportation on the race day?	Having studied the Tour de France stage schedule a bit further I now think that the stage ending at Alpe d'Huez on July 18th may be easier to get to then the one ending at Mont Ventoux.     It still may be necessary to rent a car I guess. But I read up on getting there at Wikitravel and there is a ski lift from Oz-en-Oisans that is sort of the recommended place to park your car. Is it possible to get from Grenoble (or any other city accessible by train) to Oz-En-Oisans with public transportation? 
11559	Is there a site with a list of active airline discount/coupon codes?	Ideally I'm after one with an alphabetical list of airlines, and available discount codes, with descriptions, without having to click through and manually check the conditions of each one, or test out the reliability and so on. 
16927	Dual citizen applying for Russian visa with only other country's passport	My friend has British and Australian citizenship. He is currently on a visit to Australia with only his British passport. (His expired Australian passport is in London and needs to be renewed anyway.)  Now Russia has a policy that you can only apply for a Russian visa from a country where you are a resident.  But if you are a resident of the country in which you apply but only in possession of the passport of your other country, will they still issue you a visa?  Basically, do we know the nitty-gritty of this particular rule Russia has? 
16938	Can I leave the airport in London during my layover for a visit?	I am a US permanent resident but I am a Filipino citizen. I am planning to travel to the Philippines and wanted to get a ticket with a 15 hours layover in the UK. Am I allowed to go out of the airport and have a tour to London? 
16952	Presents for Japanese couchsurfer hosts	I was evaluating doing couchsurfing during my next trip in Japan and this question: What does a couchsurfing host expect from their guests? makes me want to ask if there is a sort of "etiquette" I should respect if being hosted in Japan with regard to the "presents". In general, should I bring something or this would make my host feel uncomfortable? If it's ok bring something from my own country (which happens to be Italy), there is something I should NOT bring that a Japanese would find inappropriate (except the most obvious things)?  
16991	Getting into Brazil with an onward ticket from another country	I'm planning to travel around the world starting in the end of July. My first flight is Frankfurt to Rio de Janeiro (via Heathrow) on July 26th. I am a German citizen and I want to enter Brazil without a formal visa. According to Brazilian immigration policy, this is possible for up to 90 days.   However, since I'm planning to leave by land, I do not have an onwards ticket for leaving Brazil. I have already taken a look at Entering Brazil by air, leaving by land, will I be denied entry?, however my situation is somewhat different.  The British Airways ticket that I am going to fly into Brazil with also includes a flight from Santiago de Chile to Auckland on October 26th. This is more than 90 days from the date at which I am going to enter Brazil.   I also have a plane ticket from Antofagasta (CL) to Santiago on October 20th, which is within the 90-day-limit of entering Brazil. However, I'm worried that this evidence of my intent to leave Brazil within the allowed time is too weak for Brazilian border police.  Will the tickets I have purchased be sufficient to convince border police that I intend to leave Brazil within the allotted time or will I still have to buy some other ticket out of Brazil?  Update Everything went well for me last July, the border police just stamped me in and didn't event want to see my plane tickets. Not sure if I was just lucky or if they really don't care that much. Note that this was during the world youth day celebrations in Rio, so they might have been optimizing for immigration throughput... 
16999	Crossing from US into Canada as a European tourist with a rental car	My wife and I, citizens of Italy, will be travelling to New England for sightseeing. We'll have an ESTA (US visa waiver). We will arrive and leave at/from New York JFK and rent a car.   Since we would like to see Niagara Falls, we will need to cross the US-Canadian border and come back on the next day or so.   Should we expect any trouble obtaining a Canadian visa at the border, or reentering the US afterwards?  Can we take the rental car across, or do we need to clear it with the rental company? 
17013	Long layover in Heathrow	I'm an Indian passport holder with a valid US visa. I have an 18 hour layover in Heathrow. With a land side transit visa can I go out of the airport just to check into a nearby hotel to get some rest? Or is that visa ONLY for transiting between Gatwick and Heathrow?   Really appreciate a response from someone who has had this experience as I cannot find anywhere if the purpose of this visa is just for going between airports. In which case I have go thru the hassle of getting a visitors visa just for a few hrs 
13711	What equipment should I travel with to increase the odds of good internet and phone connectivity?	Getting decent internet and telephone coverage while traveling is not a given.  I find that outside of urban areas many places I stay when traveling have unreliable internet connectivity, if any.  This question confirms that hotel wifi is hit-and-miss.  I also find that cellular coverage is marginal in many places.  What equipment is helpful to take with you to maximize the odds of having decent internet and phone connectivity while traveling?  And how, exactly, does each piece of equipment help? 
17026	What tips or tricks can you use to get "upgraded"/better hotel rooms?	(Inspired by this question on flight upgrades),  Most non-budget hotels have various categories of rooms - perhaps larger rooms, "Executive" rooms, suites, and so on. What tips or tricks can you use to get upgraded to a larger/better/nicer room?  I normally join the frequent stay program for the relevant hotel chain - if it's part of a chain - and most of them have various elite levels - in my experience, becoming a higher level in those programs is one easy way.  However, what other approaches are there? What about if you've never stayed at that hotel before, or that chain? What factors influence the room you are given, and how can you control them?  (Related question on car hire upgrades) 
17035	Visiting friends while in transit	I have a question about the trasit to any country. If suppose I go to a country where London would be my transit, can my friends/relative come and see me in the Airport? Is that possible? If not what would be the steps to visit them? 
17035	Visiting friends while in transit	I have a question about the trasit to any country. If suppose I go to a country where London would be my transit, can my friends/relative come and see me in the Airport? Is that possible? If not what would be the steps to visit them? 
17058	How to travel from/to Washington Dulles and Annapolis?	I've seen a related post on how to get to/from Dulles airport, but I wanted to see if there is any specific further advice to traveling from the airport to Annapolis. Maybe the advice given will also be generally applicable to other places in Maryland?  So far I've seen some instructions on how to make the trip using public transport. Although I'm not entirely sure whether the information there is still accurate.  Another option that seems promising is the SuperShuttle, but when I ask for a quote online I get a price of $150 for a single person! Is that for real, even on a shared van? 
17087	11 hour international layover in Los Angeles (LAX)	We are flying from Japan to Mexico City and have an 11-hour layover in Los Angeles (LAX). Our friend is willing to come pick us up to hang out for a few hours but we are unclear if we are allowed to leave the airport if we are connecting for international flights.   Our baggage will be checked all the way through and we wonder if leaving through customs without taking our bags will signal some sort of warning/alarm.  We are flying Malaysia Air from Japan and then Alaska Air from LAX. We are also American citizens. 
16300	Is it better to ask a question in English or Japanese if you are expecting a reply in English?	When I was traveling in Japan I asked some Japanese people if they speak English in Japanese, and for some reason people didn't really answer my question. I wasn't sure whether it was because they don't want to speak in English or if it just seems strange to Japanese people that you would speak Japanese to try and get an English answer. I was traveling in between Tokyo and Hiroshima. I want to know if it is better to just ask the question in English rather than in Japanese? 
16300	Is it better to ask a question in English or Japanese if you are expecting a reply in English?	When I was traveling in Japan I asked some Japanese people if they speak English in Japanese, and for some reason people didn't really answer my question. I wasn't sure whether it was because they don't want to speak in English or if it just seems strange to Japanese people that you would speak Japanese to try and get an English answer. I was traveling in between Tokyo and Hiroshima. I want to know if it is better to just ask the question in English rather than in Japanese? 
17121	Are there any countries in South-East Asia that don't require a motorcycle licence to ride one?	I only have an European car drivers licence and I'm wondering if it is possible to rent/buy a motorcycle somewhere in South-East Asia and ride it. Is it allowed in some countries in that area? Or are there countries where it's not checked at all if you have a licence?  Highly related to this question, but now I'm looking for answers about South-East Asia. 
17122	Which visa will I be entering under?	There was a question about entry into the US on still valid tourist visa with a still valid F visa.  Now this begs a different question:   If I am a citizen of some country that requires a visa to enter the Schengen area and I have a valid Multiple Entry Short stay visa, which is still valid, and on top of that I have a long stay visa as well for one of the members of the Schengen Agreement (let's say for argument sake: Germany).  What will happen when I arrive in France for a connecting flight?  Will long stay visa take precedence?  Or will I enter as a tourist and have to do something special to make sure that I won't be in violation of the 90 day rule when I leave through France 5 months later? 
17131	Which airlines provide cheap last day tickets in Nordic countries?	I spend every month about 500 euros to two business trips in a month, sometimes three for 750 euros, in flying from Tallinn to Oslo.  I often pay a ticket for return just in case. However, many times, I have to change my return date. I often just buy a new ticket two days before the traveling.  I am using at the moment Star Alliance for my traveling: SAS and Estonian Air.  I am at the moment still at the Basic level in Star Alliance. I have not done any business agreement with the airplane companies.  What is the best way to get cheap tickets two days before traveling? 
17129	Can I take a bike on trains from Schiphol?	I want to ride my bike from Ijmuiden to Schiphol railway station and take it on the train to Groningen - any problem with this? 
17141	Crossing the US-Canadian border and back	My wife and I, citizens of Italy, will be traveling to New England for sightseeing. We will arrive and leave at/from New York JFK and rent a car. Since we would like to see Niagara Falls, we will need to cross the US-Canadian border and come back on the next day or so.   Questions:   Are we able to leave the US and come back on the next day with the same ESTA registration?   
17150	Do Europeans require a visa to visit USA?	I will be staying for 2months in the USA, do I require a visa since I am a citizen of Malta, which is part of the European Union? 
17153	Apartment in Berlin for long stay (Two months)	I am looking for a good apartment in Berlin for a family of two, can anyone provide site where I can find such options(I would prefer direct contacts rather than some booking sites). 
17155	What's the most cost-effective destination for a four night trip from Berlin to a non-Schengen destination?	To avoid overstaying my visa, I need to leave the Schengen area for three full days (four nights). What's the most cost-effective way to do this from Berlin, Germany.  Here are the requirements:   Start and end in Berlin Direct flights only Must not depart Berlin before 18 May Must return to Berlin no later than 30 June   Nice to have:   The trip should occur over a weekend Shorter travel time is better Non-UK destination  
17183	What tips or tricks can you use to get an upgraded/better hire car?	(In a similar vein to this question on hotel room upgrades and this question on flight upgrades...)  Most regular car rentals agencies have various categories of car - Budget/Economy, Compact, Midsize, Fullsize, etc. The names vary from agency to agency and around the world, but the principles are similar.  Generally the "better" the category, the better the car - larger, more luxury, etc.  What tips or tricks can you apply to get a better car or better benefits than you originally booked? This might result in a "better" car, or perhaps something else such as a free satnav included, free miles included, or some other perk that improves the overall value for money equation.  Some of the tips I've noticed are:   Being a regular renter with that agency, e.g. status with Hertz Gold Plus Rewards. Turning up to a smaller (often in-town) rental location when they only have a few cars left, which can bag you a free upgrade (although this can also backfire and you can get a dismal car!).  
17183	What tips or tricks can you use to get an upgraded/better hire car?	(In a similar vein to this question on hotel room upgrades and this question on flight upgrades...)  Most regular car rentals agencies have various categories of car - Budget/Economy, Compact, Midsize, Fullsize, etc. The names vary from agency to agency and around the world, but the principles are similar.  Generally the "better" the category, the better the car - larger, more luxury, etc.  What tips or tricks can you apply to get a better car or better benefits than you originally booked? This might result in a "better" car, or perhaps something else such as a free satnav included, free miles included, or some other perk that improves the overall value for money equation.  Some of the tips I've noticed are:   Being a regular renter with that agency, e.g. status with Hertz Gold Plus Rewards. Turning up to a smaller (often in-town) rental location when they only have a few cars left, which can bag you a free upgrade (although this can also backfire and you can get a dismal car!).  
17026	What tips or tricks can you use to get "upgraded"/better hotel rooms?	(Inspired by this question on flight upgrades),  Most non-budget hotels have various categories of rooms - perhaps larger rooms, "Executive" rooms, suites, and so on. What tips or tricks can you use to get upgraded to a larger/better/nicer room?  I normally join the frequent stay program for the relevant hotel chain - if it's part of a chain - and most of them have various elite levels - in my experience, becoming a higher level in those programs is one easy way.  However, what other approaches are there? What about if you've never stayed at that hotel before, or that chain? What factors influence the room you are given, and how can you control them?  (Related question on car hire upgrades) 
911	What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?	I've travelled a lot.  Living in New Zealand or the UK means anywhere is likely a flight, but I've always flown economy.  Twice between LA and Auckland I managed to get the exit row after talking nicely to the check-in girl, but apart from that, nothing.  I've spoken to ticket agents, tried 'check in chicken' (where you wait until the last minute before checking in, hoping there's an overbooking of economy) but have never managed to get an upgrade, while others I know seemingly get them quite often.  What strategy have you used or do you suggest to achieve this?  My next flight is from Melbourne to Tokyo, and I plan on trying all of these ;)  (Related questions on car hire and hotel upgrades) 
911	What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?	I've travelled a lot.  Living in New Zealand or the UK means anywhere is likely a flight, but I've always flown economy.  Twice between LA and Auckland I managed to get the exit row after talking nicely to the check-in girl, but apart from that, nothing.  I've spoken to ticket agents, tried 'check in chicken' (where you wait until the last minute before checking in, hoping there's an overbooking of economy) but have never managed to get an upgrade, while others I know seemingly get them quite often.  What strategy have you used or do you suggest to achieve this?  My next flight is from Melbourne to Tokyo, and I plan on trying all of these ;)  (Related questions on car hire and hotel upgrades) 
17217	Renting an apartment for 2-3 months in Italy	I've used the Habitaclia for renting apartments in Spain short/medium term (2-3 months).  I am looking to do the same in Italy.  I've tried AirBnB but it seems to be geared for even shorter durations 1-4 weeks.  Is there a website for Italian rentals akin to Spain's Habitaclia or those listed in the similar question for Berlin? 
17230	Summer skiing in Norway	I've heard it's possible to go summer skiing in Norway.   Is this correct and where should I go if I want to visit these attractions?  
17216	Changing a flight with layovers - does fee apply multiple times?	I'm planning a flight from Germany to the States, and a return flight a year later. Because all the booking systems I've seen don't allow for return dates more than 11 months in the future, the only affordable option to do that seems to be to book a flight with an arbitrary return date now, and change the return flight through the airline.  This kind of change incurs a hefty fee. Is there a general policy for flights with one or more layover - is the fee applied per leg, or just once for the entire booking?  All the portions of the trip are with the same airline.  I can't find any into on that in the individual airlines' help resources, and their response times for inquiries suck. I'm guessing there's an unwritten rule here and I'd like to know that. 
17286	Can I apply for the remaining days of 90/180 if I have not used them in expired visa	Previous VISA info (type of VISA C):  From 14.02.2013 to 14.05.2013. Duration of stay - 90 days. Number of entries - 2.  I crossed the Schengen on 16.02.2013 for my first entry, so 180 days expire on 14.08.2013.  Trips: 1) From 16.02.2013 to 31.03.2013 (44 days) 2) From 17.04.2013 to 13.05.2013 (27 days)  Total number of days in Norway: 71.  Total number of days in Ukraine between two trips: 19.  May I apply for the VISA from 13.07.2013 to 01.08.2013 and stay in Norway for 19 days before 01.08.2013? 
17341	Do I need a single entry of multiple Schengen visa travelling from Austria-Croatia-Switzerland-Austria)	I will arrive Austria from Tel Aviv in August as a tourist, stay there for a couple of days, then take the train from Vienna to Zagreb, stay for a couple of days in Croatia the take a train from Zagreb to Zurich, 3days there and back to Vienna as my exit point back to Tel Aviv. My questions is, do I need to apply for multiple entry or single entry Schengen Visa since I will enter and left Austria to non-Schengen country and enter again from a Schengen country?   
17342	Options for prepaid cell service in Toronto	I'm visiting Toronto tomorrow and will be there for about two weeks.  I have a 2G unlocked phone that I originally purchased from Fido, so I would only need a SIM card. I'm thinking about getting a prepaid one, but I'm not sure if I can get it for such a short-term use.  What are my options of getting a SIM card?  And is it possible to do this directly at Toronto's Pearson airport? 
17352	Is travelling to the West Bank safe?	I am currently signed up for a trip to Israel and am planning an extension to visit the West Bank, probably Jerusalem, Ramallah, and Bethlehem. Given that Israel recently bombed Syria and Hezbollah is angry, is it safe to travel in the West Bank? Is Israel safe, for that matter? 
17372	New York airports: JFK or EWR for brief stopover	We are travelling with an 11 month old from MAN (manchester UK) to SFO and looking at a brief 1 night near airport hotel stopover so baby can get some sleep.  What would be best in terms of:   airline quality for an infant (see below for airlines choice due to best flight times!), airport professionalism (bitter&amp;twisted vs decent&amp;efficient) so we can get through customs &amp; baggage quickly   quality of hotels surrounding airport.   We are looking at the following two options. Any other suggestions or comments appreciated!   EWR (newark) airport hotel with flights on united airlines.   Or    JFK airport hotel with flights on american airlines.   Many thanks! 
17382	Is layover time of 1hr and 5 min enough at Vienna International Airport to catch the next connecting flight?	I am travelling to San Francisco, and my itinerary has two layovers, first leg of the journey is from DEL(Delhi) to Vienna (layover 1 hour 5 min) the second leg is from Vienna to Frankfurt (layover 1 hour 20 min) and final flight from FRA to SFO.  I am panicking over the fact that if a layover of 1hour 5min and 1 hour 20 min respectively would be enough for me to make my connection flights.  Please let me know if I should take the risk or cancel and reschedule my flight.  Edit- My flight arrives at Vienna international airport and leaves from the same, and for second leg it arrives at Frankfurt international airport. Also I do not have to collect the luggage as the entire journey is via Lufthansa. 
17385	Is a Schengen visa/transit visa required for transit flight from Vienna to Frankfurt?	I am travelling form Delhi (DEL) to San Francisco (SFO), I have to make a connection flight in Vienna that would take me to Frankfurt (FRA). My flight to SFO is from FRA, I have one ticket for entire journey and the flights are operated by Lufthansa or its subsidiaries.  Do I need a transit visa? My flight arrives at Vienna international airport and leaves from the same, and for second leg it arrives at Frankfurt international airport.  I asked this question as an addendum to my previous post but was advised to make a new post.  I hold Indian passport and valid US visa. 
17385	Is a Schengen visa/transit visa required for transit flight from Vienna to Frankfurt?	I am travelling form Delhi (DEL) to San Francisco (SFO), I have to make a connection flight in Vienna that would take me to Frankfurt (FRA). My flight to SFO is from FRA, I have one ticket for entire journey and the flights are operated by Lufthansa or its subsidiaries.  Do I need a transit visa? My flight arrives at Vienna international airport and leaves from the same, and for second leg it arrives at Frankfurt international airport.  I asked this question as an addendum to my previous post but was advised to make a new post.  I hold Indian passport and valid US visa. 
14235	Are there Onsen towns with both skiing and geisha?	Last year, I found out that some onsen towns had geisha (and still do!), and that other onsen towns have ski resorts (for example, Zao Onsen), and I wondered if any towns had both. As well as enjoying Japanese culture, I felt it'd make for a unique ski resort, which is a positive when skiing can be somewhat the same whereever you go in the world. However, I thought that I was the only person who'd be interested in both skiing and geisha, so I needn't bother looking.  Then, the other day I read about Sayuki performing at Niseko ski resort, and realized that maybe other people are interested in both things.  Now Niseko is one of the most popular ski resorts (at least with Aussies), but lacks heritage with regards to geisha. Not to mention an Aussie performing at a resort that has lots of Aussies seeming a bit ironic...  Are there other places where the skiing isn't necessarily as good, but has more heritage with geisha? Even places where geisha don't operate any more, but where I can learn about geisha houses that used to exist, would be of interest.  Seeing the Yamagata maiko (English page about Yamagata maiko, and Japanese page) is one possibility, as they operate in Zao Onsen and in other cities, but not being headquartered in Zao Onsen is a slight disadvantage. 
17386	Can you still buy used panties in vending machines as a souvenir from Japan?	In 1999 I came across a vending machine of used panties while hiking through Japan. Apparently it was made illegal in 1993, but still in 1999 they seem to be wide spread. Is this still the case, or are these vending machines no longer part of Japanese civilization.   Seems like an ultimate photo souvenir and I still regret not making a picture as proof for my strange experiences in Japan. People just don't believe this story. 
17442	Transfer from Paris CDG to ORY	I'll be landing at Roissy (Charles de Gaulle) airport in Paris at 9:40 tomorrow (a Saturday) and leaving on another flight from Orly at 13:35 (latest check-in 13:15). That gives about 3.5 hours, including getting off the plane, collecting bags, getting out of the airport, delays, and so on.  What are my options for transferring between airports?  How long do they take and how much do they cost?  Do you think there's enough time to pop out somewhere in the city for a quick coffee and baguette or to sit in a park? Where? 
17451	Connecting flight wait time 11 hours 20 minutes - is it possible to exit to see Vancouver?	I am a US Permanent Resident(Green Card). I booked a ticket from China to USA. The flight is operated by Air Canada. It will have connecting flight wait time 11 hours 20 minutes in Vancouver. My question is that since the connecting flight wait time is so long, can I take a tour in Vancouver, I don't want to sit inside the airport, Is that possible? 
13828	Transfers between Paris and its airports	Paris has 3 airports (Orly, Roissy, Beauvais), what are the options to go to or to come from there?  (There is also Vatry (XCR) but there is very few flights and i see the shuttle system is currently off.) 
17501	Can I find an affordable long term car rental/lease in USA for 50 days?	I am trying to find a answer for an affordable car rental/lease for over 30+ days. My wife and I will be traveling from Italy back to the USA later this year. We will be spending 50+ days in the USA flying into Washington Dulles (IAD) in October and then back to Italy in December. I know about ReadyDrive USA but the downside is they only allow 2,000 miles per month and we plan to visit with family and friends in multiple states. We are looking to rent/lease a SUV because we expect to run into snow while we are there. We have valid NC drivers licenses but no USA car insurance. 
17345	Is there camping gear specifically designed to fit modern air traveling?	I have done it before, bringing my camping gear as luggage on a flight. In those days I was usually traveling alone, and I was able to bring my tent as a separate piece of luggage. These days airlines tend to be more strict on the number of pieces you can bring and I turned into a family man. The latter requires bigger tents and more sleeping bags/mats to carry along.  I am thinking of compiling a special suitcase carrying all camping gear for a group of four people. This would include at least a tent, 4 sleeping bags and 4 sleeping mats. Does anyone know if there is camping gear out there that is specifically designed for the air traveler. It would be nice if I could bring more gear with me then the above mentioned. 
17514	Is it possible to get Schengen Visa from Iceland's Consulate in Seattle?	I want to visit France, Italy this summer and was unable to find any of these embassies/consulates in Seattle area.  Has anyone got a visa from the Iceland Consulate? 
17438	How to independently visit Saudi Arabia?	I've read that Saudi Arabia doesn't grant tourist visas to independent travelers. I've also read that recently they grant visas to group of travelers, if the tour is organized by a recognized tour company.  The question is: what are (if any) legal means to independently visit Saudi Arabia?  
17536	Going to Italy for 2 days then back to UK for 4 days then to France for 2 weeks. Which embassy should I apply to for my Schengen visa?	I've got a dilemma. I am going on my holiday to France for two weeks in July but few days before that I need to fly to Italy for 2 days. So my traveling plan is: going to Italy for two days then back to the UK then a week later going to France for two weeks. What embassy should I apply for my Schengen visa? French or Italian. I'm scared that if I apply for the Italian one (where I'm going for two days) and then a week later will go to France for two weeks I might have problems. Or if I apply for the French embassy but then my first country I will enter on this visa will be Italy I will have trouble. I know traveling within the Schengen countries should be no problem but I need to go back to UK in-between so I won't have the continuation of the trip. Don't know what to do!!! 
17539	Is 40 minutes enough time to transfer at Newark (EWR)?	We have been booked onto a flight from Orlando to Newark (EWR) due to arrive at 18.15. This is with United. Our connecting flight (also with United) to take us home to the UK, is due to leave at 18.55.  This gives us 40 minutes transfer time and I'm worried this won't be enough.   can anybody help?   What terminal are we likely to arrive into and what terminal would we likely leave from? Will our baggage be checked though automatically (as we are with United all the way), or will we have to collect it and check it back on to the UK flight? Do you think I should contact the airline and /or travel agent and insist they find me an earlier flight from Orlando?   Many thanks for any help offered.  
17552	Guarantee connecting flights in custom itinerary?	If I buy tickets from different airlines, can I somehow join them so that - in case of delay - connecting flights are guaranteed?  What if airlines are code sharing partners? 
17552	Guarantee connecting flights in custom itinerary?	If I buy tickets from different airlines, can I somehow join them so that - in case of delay - connecting flights are guaranteed?  What if airlines are code sharing partners? 
17555	How do I minimize cash advance fees when withdrawing from a foreign ATM?	When withdrawing money from a Japan Post ATM using a card (which can act as either a credit card and or an ATM card) from Westpac, the withdrawal is from my credit card account, and I get charged a "cash advance fee"  131313   CASH ADVANCE                              1000.00          xxxxxx/JAPANPOST BANK( TOKYO JP          xxx,xxx JPY               xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  131313   FOREIGN TRANSACTION FEE                     30.00   131313   CASH ADVANCE FEE - ATM                      20.00   What's meant by "Cash advance fee - ATM"? Is it a fee charged by the ATM I'm withdrawing from? How can I minimize it? 
17580	Other public transport from Rotterdam Central Station to Europort	"Other public transport is possible, but will take you 3.5 hours". Bart Arondson mentioned this possibility for getting from Rotterdam Central to the Europort on 24th February as an answer to a previous question. Does anybody know what other possibility he meant? We need to travel with a small dog in the pet carrier and P&amp;O Shuttle bus doesn´t allow any pets. Normal taxi for two of us would be too expensive. Could you advice us please? We have plenty of time to get there, so we don´t mind if it takes a bit longer. 
17599	London pass travelcard vs. Oyster card	We are 2 families, 4 adults and 4 kids (age 8, 11, 13, and 16) reaching at LHR  airport from USA.  Which will better economically save money and time to purchase, Oyster Card or London pass with travelcard?  We'll be able to spend half a day in London on June 1st, all day on June 4th and most of the day on June 5th. 
17599	London pass travelcard vs. Oyster card	We are 2 families, 4 adults and 4 kids (age 8, 11, 13, and 16) reaching at LHR  airport from USA.  Which will better economically save money and time to purchase, Oyster Card or London pass with travelcard?  We'll be able to spend half a day in London on June 1st, all day on June 4th and most of the day on June 5th. 
17622	I have visa of Canada but I will fly to Canada through US, Do I need visa for US too?	I am citizen of Turkey and I have tourist visa for Canada. But my flight is from İstanbul through New York than Toronto. So, do I need a US visa to for my transit journey. By the way We are not ESTA member? What should I do? thanks alot 
17553	Is it possible to travel from the Dutch to the Polish Border on a "schönes Wochende Ticket"?	I'm planning a trip from the Dutch border to the Polish border in Germany, as cheap as possible. I found out that there is something called a "schönes Wochende Ticket", a ticket which provides unlimited traveling through Germany in the weekends for 42 euro's with regional trains.  Now, time is no issue, but comfort may be. As this ticket is only valid for regional trains (and not for intercity travel, which in the Netherlands, for example, are very common), is it a practical choice? (In terms of connecting trains, total waiting / travel time)  maybe I'm just confused about the intercity naming. In The Netherlands intercity ride everywhere, whilst in Germany it may be a more "exclusive" way of traveling, like the ICE or Thalys... 
17497	Which train routes are permitted when going from Great Britain to other parts of the UK?	I often get rail &amp; sail tickets which begin in Great Britain and end in Northern Ireland.  These tickets usually specify which boat crossing they are valid on, but I've never seen them specify which rail routes they're valid on.  I've tried to work out exactly what routes are allowed - the tickets aren't international travel (they're all within the UK), so it would seem that the standard routeing guide should apply.  However, I've found that the pink pages only list routeing points for Great Britain, not Northern Ireland.  There's no mention of how to apply the routeing guide to these journeys (though there is an easement for Belfast to Glasgow Central via Paisley Gimour  Street).  An example of the type of thing I'm trying to figure out is whether, when going from London to Belfast via Cairnryan it is permissible to use the East Coast Mainline, or just the West Coast Mainline.  (But I'm more interested in how you work this out than the actual answer). 
17641	OK we are all adults here, so really, how on earth should I live without bidet?	This is the part four in the interesting series: "OK we are all X here, so really". You can find the past episodes here:   OK we're all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet? OK we're all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet? How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?   Travelling always requires a bit of adjustment. While doing our favorite activity we always leave home our comfort, our routines and, unfortunately, Italians (and others) leave home their beloved bidet.  The question is simple: what are the substitutes / tips&amp;tricks for bidet while travelling in bidet-unfriendly countries so that we can do our business without end up feeling, let's say, uncomfortable? 
17641	OK we are all adults here, so really, how on earth should I live without bidet?	This is the part four in the interesting series: "OK we are all X here, so really". You can find the past episodes here:   OK we're all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet? OK we're all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet? How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?   Travelling always requires a bit of adjustment. While doing our favorite activity we always leave home our comfort, our routines and, unfortunately, Italians (and others) leave home their beloved bidet.  The question is simple: what are the substitutes / tips&amp;tricks for bidet while travelling in bidet-unfriendly countries so that we can do our business without end up feeling, let's say, uncomfortable? 
17641	OK we are all adults here, so really, how on earth should I live without bidet?	This is the part four in the interesting series: "OK we are all X here, so really". You can find the past episodes here:   OK we're all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet? OK we're all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet? How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?   Travelling always requires a bit of adjustment. While doing our favorite activity we always leave home our comfort, our routines and, unfortunately, Italians (and others) leave home their beloved bidet.  The question is simple: what are the substitutes / tips&amp;tricks for bidet while travelling in bidet-unfriendly countries so that we can do our business without end up feeling, let's say, uncomfortable? 
17643	Lost passport at Heathrow while in transit from USA to India	My sister-in-law and her husband along with their 5 yo are travelling from USA to India via London Heathrow. The husband lost his passport at Heathrow after getting off from the plane from USA to Heathrow and before boarding the flight to India. They got in writing from immigration that their passport at airport, however their connecting flight refused to board them without an emergency certificate which they will get from the Indian embassy. However, they don't have UK visas and therefore can't leave the airport.   What can they do? 
17738	How to become an instant Bollywood actor while traveling through Mumbai?	I recently saw a film called Bollywood Hero. The film is about a Dutch guy having a role in a Bollywood movie as a colonial figure, while doing this he is tormented with this Travel.se question.  I later heard that it is quite easy to get a (side-) role in a Bollywood movie as tourist, touring through Mumbai. Is this a fact? If so, what do I need to do to become such an instant Bollywood actor? 
4779	Four days in Jordan / Amman. Itinerary suggestions?	I plan on going to Amman, Jordan for four days in March. I plan to spend a day visiting the Petra Caves - don't want to spend more than a day there unless absolutely necessary as otherwise I'd have to buy a two day pass which is costlier than the one day pass - and another day at the Dead Sea, which leaves me with a day or two in Amman. The Jordanian dinar is a pretty strong currency so I wouldn't want to spend too much, and will be travelling mostly by public buses, as far as possible, making Amman my base and making day trips to Petra / Dead Sea.   Is this itinerary too rushed or would you suggest spending more time at any of the places? Or are there any other places accessible from Amman you'd recommend visiting (and worth extending my stay for)? I plan to go Thursday - Sunday. I read on some online forum that there aren't enough bus services on Fridays / Saturdays because it's a Muslim country. Is this true, and if yes, could jeopardize my itinerary of taking day trips from Amman?   
17810	Can I consign my pepper spray from Canada to China?	I have a flight from Canada to China (by aircanada). It seems that I can't bring pepper spray to the plane, but can I consign it? Is that illegal?  
7708	Travelling to Brazil without return ticket	Last year I was flying to Brazil with Condor. I don't need a visa, if I stay in Brazil below 90 days (regardless if tourism or business).   The check-in clerk asked me about visa or return ticket. I didn't have return ticket, because at that time I didn't plan my whole trip and have not decided where to go next. I was told, that without a visa or a valid ticket out of Brazil I will not be allowed to check in.  (There was enough time, so I just went and bought cheapest ticket to Montevideo, but that's not important here.)  My question is: did the person have right to deny checking me in? Is this anywhere in regulations or law? 
11514	Is it possible to obtain a Brazil visa without confirmed travel plans? (US citizen)	I'm a US citizen and I will be traveling to Argentina this winter. While I'm there, I'd like to make a short one-week trip into Brazil.  I haven't picked the dates yet, so I don't have my travel itinerary. I'd like to apply for my visa in the US before I leave.  Is it possible to obtain a tourist visa in this situation? I've read conflicting opinions on the topic. I know that I may be questioned upon entering and that I should have an onward/return journey booked upon entry, but what is required for applying for the visa in the first place? Does anyone have first-hand experience applying for a Brasil visa without confirmed travel plans? 
17766	Travelling to Sakhalin Island and Kamchatka	I am almost certain that, as an Australian citizen, I will need a visa to visit Russia - that is not a problem. Is it possible to do a solo tour through these regions of Russia? What kind of transport is available - ferries, buses, trains (I do not drive). Is there a travel pass available? 
17866	Is there such a thing as an international mobile wireless provider?	After searching for a short time, the only promising lead I've found is global gig, which claims to     stay connected in the USA, UK, Australia, Ireland, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark.   Which doesn't include Latvia, where I'll be staying.  Is there any way to get mobile wireless access that can be used in both the United States and Latvia?  For the record, I currently use Verizon wireless in the States, and though there appears to be a global data program, there's no mention of a mobile wireless (MiFi) unit, just data for smartphone use. Tethering would run me $2.50/MB, and seeing as how I'll need to use this for Google hangouts, is out of the question due to price.  Is there a practical way to ensure I can connect abroad without relying on where I'll be without paying a high price for it? I expect there to be some wired/wireless connection available to me, but I would still like to look into other options anyway. 
17775	What options are available to go from Leuven/Brussels to Luxembourg?	I would like to visit Luxembourg this weekend. I have tried the Megabus, Eurolines and even the Belgian Rail (see P.S.). I was wondering if there is any direct connection between Leuven/Brussels to Luxembourg. If not how do I get there?  P.S.: The problem I faced with Belgium rail was they were showing trains in timetable section but not allowing to book tickets 
17846	Travelling to USA - from UK on ESTA (already issued - without travel date details)	I have a valid ESTA issued recently (I did not have travel dates at the time), with flights now booked to US from UK on June 18th 2013, with a return date of July 6th 2013.  My passport is due to expire on January 9th 2014.  Does this fall within the 'approved' expiration date for ESTA approved countries, or is there a formula used by US Border Control to calculate '6 months' which bring me up short on the validity for my passport for my departure due on July 6th 2013? 
17880	Number of checked bags when travelling - domestic leg United and international leg by Jet Airways	I am travelling from CVG-EWR-BOM-MAA and returning from MAA-BOM-EWR-SDF. I bought the tickets from Jet Airways (India). The domestic leg, CVG-EWR and EWR-SDF are on United Airlines (No code-share). I booked the ticket on Jan, 17, 2013. EWR-BOM-MAA is on Jet Airways (MSC). Since I bought the ticket from Jet Airways, they are the marketing carrier. So, which airline baggage policy would be applied? The above itinerary has the same PNR number issued on a single eticket.  
17878	Summer skiing in europe	I want to learn skiing and wanted to go this summer while I am in Europe. I have searched a few places like this but could not find a definitive answer. I would like to go in month of July (around the 17th, maybe) for a period of 6-7 days. I am a beginner, so would like some training lessons. Hotels are too expensive at such places, is there any other cheap accommodation available, like hostels etc.   In all I wanted to know a ballpark figure for such a trip or else just some pointers from where such figures can be reliably deduced would be great.  Thanks in advance.   [EDIT] I would be willing to spend around € 1000(+/-) for this trip. I do not know if it would be enough, but may be we can cut on the days if it is that expensive. 
17892	How to transport baby/toddler car seat with Transavia?	I'll be traveling with 11 month baby on lap. According to Transavia guidlines, this means that I can take following:     1 piece of hold luggage with a max. weight of 10 kg, such as a   suitcase, buggy or pram (You may take your buggy or pram (maximum weight limit of 7 kg) with you to the gate, where it will be collected and stowed with the hold   luggage.)   However, what I'm intending to take is car seat, either baby one or slightly bigger toddler one. First weights 4kg and it's somewhat bigger than hand luggage limit (69x44x39cm vs 55x35x25cm limit), other is 7kg and definitely not hand luggage size.   I'm in doubt how should I transport it. Can it be collected at gate as if it were pram or should I rather pack it as check-in luggage? In later case what would be the best way to pack it?  
17914	Why is the baggage allowance on flights to/from Brazil more generous?	It seems that it is common that the baggage allowance on flights to Brazil is more generous (both in number of pieces and weight) than to other countries. In fact many airlines, have a specific exception to their general rules for Brazil. Examples:   Delta   American Airlines TAP United   I've heard a rumor, that this may be related to international treaties, but I'm not sure. Does anyone know the answer?  Related question: Why is TAM Airlines baggage allowance so much? [closed] 
17919	Single room in a hotel for a party of 4 if we check out in the evening?	I'll be arriving in Milan, Italy by train from Rome around 12:00 and have to leave for the airport at around 21:00 the same day. I'm with my family of 4 and thought of booking a hotel room essentially just to keep the luggage there and to use the WC.  Do you think it would be possible to book just a single room for that purpose?  Or that the Hotel would frown upon it?   
17969	When travelling internationally with valuable personal effects, how do I avoid paying duty at each border crossing?	Some people travel internationally with valuable personal effects.  The most obvious example is photography equipment which could easily be valued over $15k.  Jewelry, watches, and specialized medical or sports equipment (think expensive bicycle) also seem likely expensive personal effects that people might travel with.  For most countries it seems that personal effects are not subject to duties (see also "Customs and Duties" of this answer).  Of course, this depends on the customs official accepting your claim that the items you are importing are personal effects.  If a customs official rejects your claim that they are, in fact, personal effects, it seems clear that you would have to pay duty on the items.  While this seems uncommon, there are reasonably credible stories about travelers being charge import duties the personal items they are traveling with including this one about photographers returning to the USA and this one about a visitor to China's iPad.  How do I avoid being charged duty on my valuable personal effects when I cross a border?    This is probably one of those questions that will have a different answer for each country, so I've left it country-agnostic.  I've found the answer for leaving and returning to the USA, but I really need an answer for traveling from Canada to Germany, Italy, France, Switzerland, and back to Canada via Germany. 
17969	When travelling internationally with valuable personal effects, how do I avoid paying duty at each border crossing?	Some people travel internationally with valuable personal effects.  The most obvious example is photography equipment which could easily be valued over $15k.  Jewelry, watches, and specialized medical or sports equipment (think expensive bicycle) also seem likely expensive personal effects that people might travel with.  For most countries it seems that personal effects are not subject to duties (see also "Customs and Duties" of this answer).  Of course, this depends on the customs official accepting your claim that the items you are importing are personal effects.  If a customs official rejects your claim that they are, in fact, personal effects, it seems clear that you would have to pay duty on the items.  While this seems uncommon, there are reasonably credible stories about travelers being charge import duties the personal items they are traveling with including this one about photographers returning to the USA and this one about a visitor to China's iPad.  How do I avoid being charged duty on my valuable personal effects when I cross a border?    This is probably one of those questions that will have a different answer for each country, so I've left it country-agnostic.  I've found the answer for leaving and returning to the USA, but I really need an answer for traveling from Canada to Germany, Italy, France, Switzerland, and back to Canada via Germany. 
17996	Taking a taxi in Argentina with a newborn: is the toddlers seat necessary?	I'll be traveling to Argentina with my wife and with our little girl (3 months old).  When taking a taxi, is it necessary to use my toddlers seat (and then we'll have to take it with us) or can my wife just hold her ? 
17996	Taking a taxi in Argentina with a newborn: is the toddlers seat necessary?	I'll be traveling to Argentina with my wife and with our little girl (3 months old).  When taking a taxi, is it necessary to use my toddlers seat (and then we'll have to take it with us) or can my wife just hold her ? 
17993	How does "Fuel Dumping" work?	Recently, I saw a lot of blog post, forum posts etc on Fuel Dumping. For me it seemed like you can book a flight with high fuel charges, and then add another unrelated leg to the flight that you not plan to use to get rid of the high fuel charges. However, I could not find any concrete explanation on how fuel dumping works. 
17993	How does "Fuel Dumping" work?	Recently, I saw a lot of blog post, forum posts etc on Fuel Dumping. For me it seemed like you can book a flight with high fuel charges, and then add another unrelated leg to the flight that you not plan to use to get rid of the high fuel charges. However, I could not find any concrete explanation on how fuel dumping works. 
18011	What local sporting events are available in Goa over late December?	I'm a keen runner/swimmer/cyclist and triathlete, and love taking part in events both off road and on. Currently planning a trip to Goa from December 15th till the New Year, and I was wondering what local events are available? I've managed to find the Goa River Marathon although this is a little too early, and will sadly miss it.  I'm aware of another sporting question being asked about Goa, but I feel my question differs enough. 
18022	What are the recommended concentration camp tours near Berlin?	My partner and I are planning a trip to Berlin.  Among other things, we would like to visit a concentration camp, preferably do a tour.  Are there any nearby for a day /half-day trip?  What are some recommended tours? 
18004	What is the fuel surcharge?	Reading on the web about the "Fuel Dumping" trick made me aware of the fuel surcharge, one of several possible charges being added to the base price of a flight. In order to understand the trick better, I would like to know:  What exactly is the fuel surcharge? Is it mandated by law? Is it just a trick that airlines use to keep the base price low?  The screenshot below shows details about what is added to the base price of a Lufthansa ticket DRS - MUC in June 2013. Note the Fuel and Security Surcharge.   
18013	Is there a plane+train journey planning service?	Several months ago, I snagged a very cheap flight from London to Brittany (Quimper). I'm trying to persuade some friends to come out at the same time, but as it's much nearer the time, the flights are, well, not nearly so cheap today...  Thanks to our friends at LoCo2, I know how much it'd cost them to make the journey by train only. (The price comes out slightly more than my advanced flight price, but quite a bit slower). My supposition is that it might be cheaper + quicker if they flew to somewhere in France, then took the train the last bit. However, here's quite a lot of smaller airports that they might fly to, so a manual search isn't looking all that easy.  Are there any sites which allow you to search for a combined flight+train price, where you give a starting + ending city, and it finds connections?  (Basically, I'm after "HiCO2", something that'll give LoCo2 style train search results, but with one of the legs by plane) 
18036	What type of visa is required for a PhD interview visit to Switzerland?	I am applying to join a research group in a school in Switzerland and after the first round of interviews, I have been invited by the university in Zurich for an in-person interview so that I can meet the research group and give a presentation on the work I am currently doing. I intend to be in Switzerland for just a night and I am wondering what kind of visa I should be applying for? Should it be a business or tourist visa? 
18037	Can I print a science poster in Berlin within one day?	I am traveling to Berlin next week to present a poster on a conference. Instead of bringing a poster cylinder with me on the plane, I was wondering if I could print the poster in Berlin just before going to the venue.  
18048	Is it possible to fly near/over Mount Everest?	There is already a question about getting to the top of Mount Everest without hiking too far but what I want is a little bit different. I am looking for a flight (regular or tourist ). I don't want to leave the plane/helicopter but just want to have a great view of the mountain. 
17984	Is leaving airport at a stop before the final destination illegal?	There are tricks such as "fuel dumping" or "hidden city ticketing" which involve booking a ticket composed of several connecting flights, then leaving the airport at a stop, possibly even "hopping off" a plane (intermediate landing). Rationale: Sometimes these tickets are cheaper than a ticket to one of the stops. So one adds an additional leg and discards it.  Some people say that when using such tricks, one enters a legal gray area. But I wonder:  Could leaving the airport at a stop really be illegal, i.e. violating an airline's or a travel agency's terms?  Also there are suggestions that one should not request an upgrade, because then the trick may be discovered by the airline. Here I wonder:  How can they know that one will throw away the last leg? 
5758	Do I need to register items before I leave the United States?	The Customs and Border Protection website recommends that you register items before leaving the United States. I have known many people who have traveled out of the county and have had no issues with being asked to pay duty on items.  How serious should I actually take this tip? Are there certain countries I should be more or less worried about this? 
18066	What are the visa requirements to travel from the UK to the USA, on to the Caribbean and back to the USA?	I am travelling to USA in September from UK staying for a month at my cousins, then leaving to go on a Caribbean cruise for a week, I am then returning to usa to stay at cousins again for my 90 days before returning to UK. How can I do this with immigration with my plain ticket not returning for over 90 day back to UK? Do I have to fill any special forms out or take any extra paper work with me? 
16217	How is the climate, the amount of tourists and events distributed through the year in Saint Petersburg, Russia?	How are the following "parameters" distributed through the year in Saint Petersburg, Russia?   Climate Amount of tourists Festivals / Cultural events   An answer per quarter of a year or by season would suffice. 
18146	Should I cancel my trip to Turkey due to the recent protests?	I've been planning a trip to turkey for this July.  How easy would it be to avoid the areas where people are demonstrating?  If I hadn't already booked my flights, I would probably postpone the trip or go somewhere else. Since the tickets are non-refundable, I think I have to use them. 
18147	What to do in Las Vegas without having to sin?	For religious reasons, I don't   gamble drink alcohol engage in fornication visit prostitution or strip clubs   Are there still interesting things for people like me in Vegas?  It is a week-long business trip, with a weekend stay. 
18147	What to do in Las Vegas without having to sin?	For religious reasons, I don't   gamble drink alcohol engage in fornication visit prostitution or strip clubs   Are there still interesting things for people like me in Vegas?  It is a week-long business trip, with a weekend stay. 
18192	Is the sleeper train from Hong Kong to Shanghai an enjoyable experience?	I am planning my travel from Hong Kong to Shanghai by overnight sleeper train (T100) departing at 3pm and arrive at 11am. So, it is 20 hours long.  I have never experienced a sleeper train. I hope I could sleep well for 7-8 hours, and then doing some activities to make this a enjoyable experience.  Do you have any thought or advice? What should I prepare to make this an enjoyable experience? 
18142	How can I book the plane schedule I want from the USA to Japan?	I want to buy a plane ticket from Portland, Oregon (PDX) to Fukuoka, JAPAN (FUK). The most obvious schedule is to take the direct flight from Portland to Tokyo (NRT) on Delta airlines and then a flight from from Tokyo to Fukuoka on either ANA or JAL. The problem is that I cannot get this schedule to appear on any site online site (Delta/Expedia/Travelocity/Orbitz/Kayak/Hipmunk) despite the fact that it seems I that I could buy these tickets separately (ie. the flights are not full). What is going on here? Is there someway I can book this ticket online or is there some reason this schedule can't be ticketed?  The dates I am trying are PDX-FUK on 26-DEC-2013 - FUK-PDX on 25-JAN-2014 
18213	Multiple Entry Schengen Visa Tier-4 UK	I have a Tier 4 Student Visa for the UK and am an Indonesian national studying in NYU London for 6 months.    What will I need to ensure and provide to make sure I get the multiple entry visa as well as anything I should do to increase my chances?     I'm planning on applying through the Czech embassy in London as it will be my point of entry and the country I'll be spending most of my time in for the Schengen area. 
18265	Do I need a transit visa for Denmark in addition to my single entry Schengen area visa?	I am a Chinese national holding a US greencard. I am planning on traveling to the UK and the Schengen area to visit France, Germany, and possibly some countries in between. I am applying for a UK visa and a single entry Schengen visa now. On my journey to the UK I am stopping in Copenhagen for a day. Do I need a transit visa for that? Should I apply for a multiple entry Schengen visa, or is that too much? My guess is a transit visa for Denmark and a separate single entry visa would be easier to apply for. 
18270	How can I travel from Venice to Rijeka or Pula over land or sea?	I want to go from Venice in Italy to Rijeka or Pula in Croatia, by public transport, without flying (so train, bus, boat or a combination). The transport options will determine my choice of destination.  What are the different (reasonable) ways to make that trip? Where can I get all the needed information (prices, times, etc.)? 
18269	Where to find routes and times of public transportation in Croatia?	Where can I find information about inter-city public transportation in Croatia. I mean buses, trains and maybe ferries?  I need to be able to see information about the route, estimated time, price and changes etc. on the way. Also, the option to buy the tickets on-line ahead of time. 
18283	20 hour lay over time in LHR airport London, will they allow me to stay in airport for 20 hours	What is the maximum time permitted to stay in airport ? I got a 20 hour lay over in Heathrow (LHR), but in LHR website it was mentioned as overnight stay not permitted. 
18293	How unsafe is it to leave an expensive laptop at a rented apartment or a cheap hotel room? Which precautions should I take?	I'm going to Odessa, Ukraine, and may have to take my laptop with me for work reasons. I'll be staying at an inexpensive place which I rented online.   Is it a very bad idea to leave the laptop in the apartment while I go out? What are the chances of it getting stolen? How do I minimize them?  The laptop is quite heavy and I'm reluctant to carry it with me all the time (it also doesn't seem very safe).  Also, I should note that it's not the data but the hardware cost I'm worried about (nothing spectacular, about $2000, but still).  EDIT: Are there any other ways to keep my laptop safe at home besides Kensington lock? 
18299	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa?	I am Egyptian citizen holding a single entry visa to Spain , travelling in 1 July but i will have 1 day transit in Swiss airport , so do i need a visa to enter Switzerland ?  
18299	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa?	I am Egyptian citizen holding a single entry visa to Spain , travelling in 1 July but i will have 1 day transit in Swiss airport , so do i need a visa to enter Switzerland ?  
18291	Schengen visa for Finland	I am travelling to Helsinki for a conference for 4 days, I will apply to the Finnish embassy for a Schengen visa. If I want to travel to Tallinn, Estonia for a couple of days, do I have to apply for a separate visa or is my Schengen visa obtained for Finland valid? 
18312	How to easily switch to driving on the other side of the road?	I have driven all my trucks on the right side of the road in the US. I will be traveling to a country/ies where cars are driven on the left side of the road.   Other than getting driving lessons, what would be an inexpensive way to comfortably acquire this skill ?   Edit : Stick shift/Manual Transmission. Country : Bangladesh 
18320	Can a non-US citizen living in the US on a J1 visa travel to Cuba?	I am a non-US citizen on a J1 visa doing an internship in the US. I would like to know if it's still possible for me to travel to Cuba, via Charter Flights in Miami, for example.   Am I subject to the same restrictions as US citizens? Could my re-entry be denied upon arrival from Havana? 
18354	How to buy tickets for Machu Picchu?	I am trying to buy entry tickets from the official website http://www.machupicchu.gob.pe/ but it never seems to accept my Credit Card. I tried 3 different VISA cards.  Is there any other online alternative? 
18369	How to take my bike from Germany and/or France to Switzerland?	This summer I want to take my bike from Germany and/or France in the area around Cologne to Switzerland in the area around Zurich. For this purpose, I have a couple of things I want to make sure before:   Can I take my bike in every train or are there special trains I'm not allowed to take my bike with me? Do I always have to buy an extra ticket for my bike? In Switzerland, there is a great service that allows you to dropoff your bike at any station and the pick it up the next day at any other station for something around 20 CHF. Does such a great service also exist on international trains between Germany and Switzerland?  
18377	Are there affordable palaces available as accommodation?	I just came across Bored of hotels? Stay in a palace     If 6-star hotels just aren't doing it for you anymore, we have the   answer.      Palaces.      Yep, that's right. You can live like a king in a palace, and let us   tell you, it's pretty awesome.   Unfortunately, the prices are a bit on the expensive side.  Are there more affordable (presumably former) palaces available as accommodation?  Affordable: ideally less than US$200 a night twin-share, or US$150 for a single. Failing that, less than US$200 per person. (The article talks about rooms at the palaces, rather than renting the entire palace out!)  Location: In the Asia-Pacific region: East Asia, Southeast Asia and Ocenia.  Related question: Is there any way to spend a night in a European castle? 
18398	Is an IDP required to drive on an American license in Bangladesh?	If one has an American license, is that sufficient to be able to legally drive in Bangladesh ?  I read this about Australia http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/5806/4584 but found nothing for Bangladesh. And this post http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/451/4584 made me ask my question 
18398	Is an IDP required to drive on an American license in Bangladesh?	If one has an American license, is that sufficient to be able to legally drive in Bangladesh ?  I read this about Australia http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/5806/4584 but found nothing for Bangladesh. And this post http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/451/4584 made me ask my question 
18403	What is the process for travelling on a World Passport like?	An answer to one of today's popular questions (here) mentions the existence of the "World Passport". This is a passport which is not issued by any nation state, but by an organization that wants to establish a global government in its place.  Surprisingly (to me), the passport is accepted nearly everywhere (see here), and so seems like a handy thing to have.   I'm curious what travelling under such a document is like in practice though. Does "accepted" mean "after 4 hours of detention and questioning", or is it just like travelling on any other passport? Do visa requirements end up being stricter? Does the user have to prove their citizenship of some other country? 
18403	What is the process for travelling on a World Passport like?	An answer to one of today's popular questions (here) mentions the existence of the "World Passport". This is a passport which is not issued by any nation state, but by an organization that wants to establish a global government in its place.  Surprisingly (to me), the passport is accepted nearly everywhere (see here), and so seems like a handy thing to have.   I'm curious what travelling under such a document is like in practice though. Does "accepted" mean "after 4 hours of detention and questioning", or is it just like travelling on any other passport? Do visa requirements end up being stricter? Does the user have to prove their citizenship of some other country? 
18417	transit through Canadian airports	As a US citizen, do I need to go through Customs or any other documentation merely to change planes in an international Canadian airport when traveling from the US to Europe? 
18447	When should I buy airplane tickets to St. Lucia (from US)?	I checked both Bing and Google travel, and the only flights I can find from the Washington DC area to St. Lucia in November of this year go through Spain and take 24+ hours. I'm not sure how often flights change to SLU, so should I wait for something more direct to crop up or just go ahead and book it? 
18463	Will I be able to stay in the U.S on a second ESTA VWP application?	I have been in the United States since the 1st of May 2013 on a 90 day Visa Waiver Program ESTA. This means the ESTA expires by the end of July. We want to take our flight home to Australia on September 10th. Because we only technically need another 40 days of travel time in the Unites States, will it be possible for me to apply for a second ESTA whilst inside the U.S in order to stay on.  How difficult is this/ is there anything I should know about second round ESTA applications like rules for leaving time inbetween ESTA grants. All ofour flights are paid for and I have an Australian citizen passport with intentions to totally return home permanently.  
18463	Will I be able to stay in the U.S on a second ESTA VWP application?	I have been in the United States since the 1st of May 2013 on a 90 day Visa Waiver Program ESTA. This means the ESTA expires by the end of July. We want to take our flight home to Australia on September 10th. Because we only technically need another 40 days of travel time in the Unites States, will it be possible for me to apply for a second ESTA whilst inside the U.S in order to stay on.  How difficult is this/ is there anything I should know about second round ESTA applications like rules for leaving time inbetween ESTA grants. All ofour flights are paid for and I have an Australian citizen passport with intentions to totally return home permanently.  
18463	Will I be able to stay in the U.S on a second ESTA VWP application?	I have been in the United States since the 1st of May 2013 on a 90 day Visa Waiver Program ESTA. This means the ESTA expires by the end of July. We want to take our flight home to Australia on September 10th. Because we only technically need another 40 days of travel time in the Unites States, will it be possible for me to apply for a second ESTA whilst inside the U.S in order to stay on.  How difficult is this/ is there anything I should know about second round ESTA applications like rules for leaving time inbetween ESTA grants. All ofour flights are paid for and I have an Australian citizen passport with intentions to totally return home permanently.  
18465	Can you easily get between Rotterdam Central Station and Rotterdam The Hague Airport by public transport?	In the past when I've gone to Rotterdam, it has either been by train, or from the port, which we've got questions covering. This time, having snagged a very good deal, I'll be flying into Rotterdam The Hague Airport, which is a first for me.  Is it easy to get from the airport to near Rotterdam Central Station by public transport, or would it involve walking/changes/taxis/etc.? And if it is possible by public transport, is it for normal local prices, or does it end up requiring special expensive tickets for the journey? 
18465	Can you easily get between Rotterdam Central Station and Rotterdam The Hague Airport by public transport?	In the past when I've gone to Rotterdam, it has either been by train, or from the port, which we've got questions covering. This time, having snagged a very good deal, I'll be flying into Rotterdam The Hague Airport, which is a first for me.  Is it easy to get from the airport to near Rotterdam Central Station by public transport, or would it involve walking/changes/taxis/etc.? And if it is possible by public transport, is it for normal local prices, or does it end up requiring special expensive tickets for the journey? 
18465	Can you easily get between Rotterdam Central Station and Rotterdam The Hague Airport by public transport?	In the past when I've gone to Rotterdam, it has either been by train, or from the port, which we've got questions covering. This time, having snagged a very good deal, I'll be flying into Rotterdam The Hague Airport, which is a first for me.  Is it easy to get from the airport to near Rotterdam Central Station by public transport, or would it involve walking/changes/taxis/etc.? And if it is possible by public transport, is it for normal local prices, or does it end up requiring special expensive tickets for the journey? 
18471	Applying for a new Schengen Visa even though there's still an existing used schengen visa	My mother had a Schengen visa, which she applied for at the Swiss embassy in India. Validity is for 6 months (01-Mar-2013 to 31-Aug-2013) with a single entry visa, She has already spent 88 days in Switzerland and came back to her home country (India), but wants to apply for another Schengen visa at the Swedish embassy in India; validity would be 90 days from 11-Aug-2013 with a single entry visa.  I've heard it's not possible to apply for a new Schengen visa until the old one expires. Is this true? What are her options? 
18486	Where in Europe can I find an aircraft turned into a hotel?	I just found out that in Sweden there is an old Boeing 747 turned into a hotel. Where else in Europe can I find something like this? The closer to Germany, the better 
2878	Leaving airport international zone for a moment	I'm European Union citizen. I have a flight to other continent, with a change in other European country, Schiphol Amsterdam. Am I allowed to leave the "international zone" and go out of airport and then come in again? I'm travelling only with hand luggage. I once heard a technical term for such and extra fee by airplane company. But really, does anyone care and do they let me in again? 
18486	Where in Europe can I find an aircraft turned into a hotel?	I just found out that in Sweden there is an old Boeing 747 turned into a hotel. Where else in Europe can I find something like this? The closer to Germany, the better 
18496	Overview (map) of Russian long-distance river regular passenger ships in regions too remote for roads or railways	It appears many of the big Russian rivers have passenger ships going along the river, in areas where roads and railways do not reach:   PassazhirRechTrans on the Yenisey Ust-Shugor to Vuktyl at the Pechora, mentioned at the English language Yugyd-Va page, maybe also from the Pechora town? Lena River north from Yakutsk, and apparently from Ust-Kut as well, therefore connecting to the Trans-Siberian railway? Likely on other rivers as well   It seems such boats could be a suitable way to connect from the Trans-Siberian railway to (even) more remote locations (such as the vicinity of Lake Vivi), where roads and railways do not reach.  However, I find it difficult to find information about such boats, routes, schedules, etc..  Where can I find an overview, preferably a map, of long-distance boats in Russia?  By long-distance boats I mean boats that run along the river for at least some dozens of kilometres, but preferably for several days, as opposed to ferries that simply cross the river from shore to shore.  Note that I'm looking for regular passenger ships, not special tourist cruises.  Specifically, I'm looking for areas where travel by river is the only way of transportation, such as in the examples I've shown; there are no roads or railways in these areas.  I don't think this map from Wikimedia Commons shows actual passenger ship routes, just old used routes:    So, a map like this but with actually trafficated routes would be nice to see! 
18516	Is it safe to bathe off of I-80 in the Great Salt Lake?	If you look at the aerial photographs of I-80 in Utah around Salt Lake, near Grantsville, UT, you could potentially see that in some years, the lake "extends" to the south of I-80, whereas in others, the area may be completely dry.  https://maps.google.com/maps?q=40+39+47+N,+112+21+31+W  There was a lot of water there this late June 2013, but, IIRC, a couple of years back, it was almost completely dry.  In general, from the point of view of whether the said smaller portions of the Salt Lake have anything in it that's very harmful to humans, is it safe to try to bathe in such smaller portions of the Great Salt Lake? 
18549	Can I transit out of the Heathrow airport? US Student Visa / Indian Citizen	I am a Indian National, currently studying in San Francisco on a Valid F1 visa. I came to India for a month long visit and will be leaving via Heathrow.  Unfortunately i have a 18hour layover there. Will I be able to get out of the Airport without a Visa?  My flight lands 6 pm in the evening and leaved 1 pm the next day. I basically plan on just hanging out for the night and staying a hotel later on.   I really dont think the immigration people expect you to stay at the airport for the whole 18 hours. I was reading the info in the other topics as well as the UK visa website. But nowhere did I find a clear answer, mostly everyone has just quoted what has been stated on the UK website.  Is there anyone who has been under the same situation? 
18561	What is the real legal status of an airport transit area?	According to Russian president Vladmir Putin in the Edward Snowden case, an airport "transit area" is not subject to the authority of the country in which it lies, because the passengers there are not required to pass through that country's immigration process.  Is there any legal basis or precedent for this? 
18561	What is the real legal status of an airport transit area?	According to Russian president Vladmir Putin in the Edward Snowden case, an airport "transit area" is not subject to the authority of the country in which it lies, because the passengers there are not required to pass through that country's immigration process.  Is there any legal basis or precedent for this? 
18561	What is the real legal status of an airport transit area?	According to Russian president Vladmir Putin in the Edward Snowden case, an airport "transit area" is not subject to the authority of the country in which it lies, because the passengers there are not required to pass through that country's immigration process.  Is there any legal basis or precedent for this? 
18557	Transit visa question for Brazilian national transiting in US for 3 hours	We are traveling to Brazil from London via the US. When we booked we had no idea how complicated the US immigration system is for some nationalities and as a result, we've a few questions... but first here is our brief story:   We live and work in London and are taking a 21 day holiday to visit family. I am a British citizen, my husband is Brazilian citizen. On the way to Brazil we will change flights at Washington Dulles International (in the airport for only 2.5 hours). On the way back from Brazil we will change flights at Newark (in the airport for 3 hours).   Here are my questions:   We understand that my husband needs a C1-transit visa for transiting in the US. Is this right even though we're only on US soil for 3 hours each time? I've been told that we need one C1-transit visa that will cover both entries and exits (Washington on the way, Newark on the way back).  Is this true? If we do just make 1 visa application to cover both trips, how do we show in the application form that we will have two very short visits (2-3 hour layover)?  EG, There is only 1 place to enter an entry date and only one place to enter an exit date.  How do we show that we are entering and leaving twice?    
18538	Where in Southeast Asia is free camping permitted?	I've been inspired by the success of my old question "Where in the Balkans is free camping permitted?" and soon to embark on a similar kind of trip in a very different part of the world.  Do any of the following countries in Southeast Asia allow free camping in the countryside, or maybe limited to certain areas such as beaches or mountains?   Singapore Malaysia Thailand Laos   I'm planning to fly into Singapore and start hitchhiking toward China. 
13862	How to buy a cellphone SIM card in Paris?	How do I buy a SIM card for my cellphone in Paris? Also, is there anything I should keep an eye out? (things like fees, cellphone-compatibility in europe...) and do they have pre-paid plans (in Brazil we have those, I don't know how it's called in other parts of the world, but its simply a plan wich you pay before using, and once your credit is over you cannot make any more calls before recharging the SIM card).  If you know any, please post some buying places near the Arc de triomphe. 
18580	If your plane gets diverted by a government's order, who is responsible for your missed connection?	The Bolivian President's plane just got diverted by ATC as they suspected Edward Snowden was on board.  That's a private plane and it's annoying, but he can probably deal with it.  If it happened to one of us though, and as a result we missed our connection, what happens? Is it the airline's responsibility, the government's, or do you just have to hope your travel insurance covers it? 
18591	I have a single entry Schengen visa from Spain	I have a single entry Schengen visa from spain, do I have to go to spain or is it valid to use in for instance France? 
18615	Fly into Singapore or Kuala Lumpur on one-way ticket to begin overlanding trip?	I want to begin my next big overlanding trip by flying from Sydney (home) to either Singapore or Malaysia on a one-way ticket. I will fly home from an as-yet unknown location when my money runs down low or winter gets in the way.  I know many countries or specific airports have policies that arrivals must have a return ticket or an onward ticket to somewhere. I understand that this may be checked when you board the plane but often is not enforced by anyone at all.  What I would like to know is which of these two destinations is more likely to not care about my onward ticket, or to have the cheaper way of proving that I'm leaving.  For instance if I absolutely have to show an onward ticket I'd prefer to be able to arrange some bus ticket or train ticket or ferry ticket, than a flight ticket. And I'd prefer a ticket that is easy to get a full or partial refund on.    Update  Immigration at Kuala Lumpur did not ask me any questions, including whether I had an onward ticket.  but the "document check and baggage drop" counter at Air Asia X in Sydney did ask. They accepted my train ticket to Singapore (which cost about $10).  (I'm not submitting this as an answer because I can't compare to flying into Singapore, since I have not tried that yet.) 
18619	Online simulations, games or ways to check my knowledge about traffic rules and my driving skills in USA	I am looking to get a rental car in USA. I have a very good experience with driving a car but it is with right hand drive and in USA this is left hand drive plus the driving rules are somewhat opposite with my country.  Just need to know if there are any good online simulations or any other ways which can help me test my knowledge about my car driving skills and four wheel driving rules that are specific to USA where mostly the vehicles are left hand drive.  Also any important information related to driving rules like where to stop, when to change lanes and what are the do's and don't will be very helpful. 
18640	Travelling on a single entry Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa single entry valid for 60 days.I intend on spending a month in France then taking a flight from Nice through Barcelona to Munich, Germany. Is that possible with this type of visa? 
18669	Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)?	I've heard unverified stories of people who wait around at airports until there is a vacant spot on a flight where they want to go, and then get on for insanely cheap. I would also imagine that it is theoretically possible to hitch a flight with a non-commercial plane where you want to go. I'm thinking international fares in the double digit range.  Of course, the kind of travel I'm imagining would not be comfortable or convenient. I'm thinking things that might be borderline "stowaway", but legal and ethical. I don't mean flight search websites, promotional deals, or other obvious ways of flying cheap.  Does anyone have any experience or ideas on how I could travel like this? 
18669	Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)?	I've heard unverified stories of people who wait around at airports until there is a vacant spot on a flight where they want to go, and then get on for insanely cheap. I would also imagine that it is theoretically possible to hitch a flight with a non-commercial plane where you want to go. I'm thinking international fares in the double digit range.  Of course, the kind of travel I'm imagining would not be comfortable or convenient. I'm thinking things that might be borderline "stowaway", but legal and ethical. I don't mean flight search websites, promotional deals, or other obvious ways of flying cheap.  Does anyone have any experience or ideas on how I could travel like this? 
18688	Are there any airlines that allow electronic cigarettes?	Unfortunately, I am a smoker. In the 20th century things were easier and many airlines allowed smoking onboard which is almost impossible now. Anyway the electronic cigarettes were introduced few years ago and I have heard that some airlines allow them onboard. What airlines do allow the use of electronic cigarettes onboard? 
18716	Flying around the world: Which direction is best?	If I want to fly around the world, should I travel west or east?  I keep getting confused about the effects of shorter days or longer days and can never figure out the dateline correctly. 
18719	UK Visa plus Schengen Visa	is it okay if i get a UK visa which is my first point of entry, and at the same time another visa which is a schengen visa from France embassy? This is because my first point of entry (UK) is not a schengen member country. 
18724	Will I have to pick up my luggage and recheck it if I have booked a connection with to different tickets separate airlines?	Will I have to pick up my luggage and recheck it if I have booked a connection with to different tickets separate airlines?  I will be flying from England to the US (on one ticket) and continuing on to Canada (on a different ticket and airline).   Will I have to go through customs? Will I have to pickup and recheck my luggage?  
18322	Are there charter flights between Australia and New Zealand that you can join?	I don't mean chartering my own flight, but like someone else mentioned that socialflights does in the US, I was wondering if something similar existed for trans-Tasman flights. 
18750	Travelling from Canada to Mumbai,India connecting flights to Boston,MA then Munich Germany,do I need to have a transit visa?	Travelling to Mumbai, India but Itinerary would be connecting Flights from Halifax to Boston, MA, then to Munich, Germany, then Mumbai, India. Do I need to have a transit visa in entering these airports?  
18750	Travelling from Canada to Mumbai,India connecting flights to Boston,MA then Munich Germany,do I need to have a transit visa?	Travelling to Mumbai, India but Itinerary would be connecting Flights from Halifax to Boston, MA, then to Munich, Germany, then Mumbai, India. Do I need to have a transit visa in entering these airports?  
18777	Can we enter Istanbul, Turkey and Frankfurt, Germany while flying through in transit for a few hours?	I am a US Citizen and my wife is an Indian citizen with a Permanent residency (Green Card). While travelling on vacation to Europe from the US, we will have 2 long connections in Instanbul, Turkey on the way to Rome Italy (Country of entry into Europe for Vacation) and another one in Frankfurt, Germany on the way back to the US.    Are we allowed to enter Istanbul and Frankfurt with valid visas if we bought them in advance even though we are only flying through these airports in transit?  In other words, will they allow us to leave the airport for a few hours for sightseeing and come back?  
18812	Road Trip planning tool	I want to make a road trip through the USA with two friends. Are there any good tools that help us planning this? Like marking spots on a USA-Map, attach pictures and comments, draw lines from one marker to another and so on. It would also be nice if you could see who did what (write a comment, attach a picture...) and maybe even support email notifications.  So far, I only found this one: https://www.myscenicdrives.com/road-trip-planner  Thanks!  EDIT: Yes, I saw this question, but I think my question is more specific (working in a group, augmenting markers with pictures, comments etc.) :) Also I included one of the answers (myscenicdrives.com) in my question to emphasize, that I'd like something more "rich" :) But you are right, I should have included that question at least as reference, so thank you! 
18822	How to get by train from Normandy to Versailles?	What is the best way to get by train from the Mont Saint Michel area to Versailles, France?   
18820	Is it necessary to book trains in the Jungfrau region?	Information  I will be staying in Interlaken with 4 whole days to kill from the 25th of this month.   I would like to do some hiking in the region. For example, getting day-return train tickets to Grindelwald and/ or to Lauterbrunnen.   I would also like to have a trip up to Jungfraujoch.  Questions  Firstly, is it advisable to book (either of) these journeys in advance? If so, how far in advance and by what means?   Extra information  I have read in the "Rough Guide to Europe on a Budget" that to get to Jungfraujoch it is better in their opinion to take cable cars. I am happy to either and so the above questions really apply twice: to trains and to cable cars.  Note: I have an InterRail pass. 
18829	Experience taking iMac on plane as carry-on	I will be flying from Halifax to Calgary (for any non-Canadians, its about 4500km, 5 hour flight) a couple weeks from now, and need to bring my new iMac with me.  The reason I say 'new' iMac is because the current model is smaller and lighter than previous ones.  The official size and weight from the Apple site are:     Height: 17.7 inches (45.0 cm)      Width: 20.8 inches (52.8 cm)      Stand depth: 6.9 inches (17.5 cm)      Weight: 12.5 pounds (5.68 kg)   I am hoping that I will be able to take it as carry on, because I really don't want to check it with the rest of the luggage.  My question is:  does anyone have experience taking their iMac with them on a plane?  If so, could you take it as carry-on?    Here are the specs: http://www.apple.com/imac/specs/  Note that this is different to the existing question on Taking a Desktop PC as a Carry-On, because an iMac is a different shape and has an integrated screen. 
18848	$6000 for a trip to Europe ( 2 months at most) Not included flights	I came across a tour on contiki called European Panorama - which covers London to Paris - Bordeux - Barcelona - French Riviera - Florence - Rome - Corfu - Venice - Vienna - Munich - Austran Tyrol - Swiss Alps - Rhine Valley - Amsterdam and then back to London. This is all done in 28 days for $4413 dollars. I'm going to be travelling from Sydney and I'm wondering would I be able to fit all that in around 1-2 months with a budget of $6000 on my own? As I don't really want to be with random strangers for a month. I'm willing to stay in hostels if its the last resort. I'm willing to eat from fast food places but at least dine once in a restaurant of each place I visit.  I'm just hoping to see beautiful places and take lots of pictures. I will travel by train to places, which brings me to my other question, what is the best train company for this? and if I were to buy a train ticket for Italy, will that cover every city in italy I'd like to go to? 
18848	$6000 for a trip to Europe ( 2 months at most) Not included flights	I came across a tour on contiki called European Panorama - which covers London to Paris - Bordeux - Barcelona - French Riviera - Florence - Rome - Corfu - Venice - Vienna - Munich - Austran Tyrol - Swiss Alps - Rhine Valley - Amsterdam and then back to London. This is all done in 28 days for $4413 dollars. I'm going to be travelling from Sydney and I'm wondering would I be able to fit all that in around 1-2 months with a budget of $6000 on my own? As I don't really want to be with random strangers for a month. I'm willing to stay in hostels if its the last resort. I'm willing to eat from fast food places but at least dine once in a restaurant of each place I visit.  I'm just hoping to see beautiful places and take lots of pictures. I will travel by train to places, which brings me to my other question, what is the best train company for this? and if I were to buy a train ticket for Italy, will that cover every city in italy I'd like to go to? 
18848	$6000 for a trip to Europe ( 2 months at most) Not included flights	I came across a tour on contiki called European Panorama - which covers London to Paris - Bordeux - Barcelona - French Riviera - Florence - Rome - Corfu - Venice - Vienna - Munich - Austran Tyrol - Swiss Alps - Rhine Valley - Amsterdam and then back to London. This is all done in 28 days for $4413 dollars. I'm going to be travelling from Sydney and I'm wondering would I be able to fit all that in around 1-2 months with a budget of $6000 on my own? As I don't really want to be with random strangers for a month. I'm willing to stay in hostels if its the last resort. I'm willing to eat from fast food places but at least dine once in a restaurant of each place I visit.  I'm just hoping to see beautiful places and take lots of pictures. I will travel by train to places, which brings me to my other question, what is the best train company for this? and if I were to buy a train ticket for Italy, will that cover every city in italy I'd like to go to? 
18848	$6000 for a trip to Europe ( 2 months at most) Not included flights	I came across a tour on contiki called European Panorama - which covers London to Paris - Bordeux - Barcelona - French Riviera - Florence - Rome - Corfu - Venice - Vienna - Munich - Austran Tyrol - Swiss Alps - Rhine Valley - Amsterdam and then back to London. This is all done in 28 days for $4413 dollars. I'm going to be travelling from Sydney and I'm wondering would I be able to fit all that in around 1-2 months with a budget of $6000 on my own? As I don't really want to be with random strangers for a month. I'm willing to stay in hostels if its the last resort. I'm willing to eat from fast food places but at least dine once in a restaurant of each place I visit.  I'm just hoping to see beautiful places and take lots of pictures. I will travel by train to places, which brings me to my other question, what is the best train company for this? and if I were to buy a train ticket for Italy, will that cover every city in italy I'd like to go to? 
18848	$6000 for a trip to Europe ( 2 months at most) Not included flights	I came across a tour on contiki called European Panorama - which covers London to Paris - Bordeux - Barcelona - French Riviera - Florence - Rome - Corfu - Venice - Vienna - Munich - Austran Tyrol - Swiss Alps - Rhine Valley - Amsterdam and then back to London. This is all done in 28 days for $4413 dollars. I'm going to be travelling from Sydney and I'm wondering would I be able to fit all that in around 1-2 months with a budget of $6000 on my own? As I don't really want to be with random strangers for a month. I'm willing to stay in hostels if its the last resort. I'm willing to eat from fast food places but at least dine once in a restaurant of each place I visit.  I'm just hoping to see beautiful places and take lots of pictures. I will travel by train to places, which brings me to my other question, what is the best train company for this? and if I were to buy a train ticket for Italy, will that cover every city in italy I'd like to go to? 
18854	Is it okay to board only the second flight of a return ticket? The return ticket is much cheaper than buying one way	I was browsing flight price at Singapore Airlines website, and a one-way flight from SIN to SFO cost this much:    That's quite expensive. I tried browsing around and found that a return flight from SFO to SIN and back to SFO cost much cheaper:    It's really weird because the second ticket includes the exact same flight that cost 1900+, but it's almost half the price. The reason for this counter-intuitive situation is explained in the answers this question One-way versus return airfare tickets  If I am located in Singapore and my intention is to fly one-way to SFO, is it safe to book the flight in the second picture and only board SFO-SIN leg? Will they deny me because I miss the SIN-SFO flight? 
18854	Is it okay to board only the second flight of a return ticket? The return ticket is much cheaper than buying one way	I was browsing flight price at Singapore Airlines website, and a one-way flight from SIN to SFO cost this much:    That's quite expensive. I tried browsing around and found that a return flight from SFO to SIN and back to SFO cost much cheaper:    It's really weird because the second ticket includes the exact same flight that cost 1900+, but it's almost half the price. The reason for this counter-intuitive situation is explained in the answers this question One-way versus return airfare tickets  If I am located in Singapore and my intention is to fly one-way to SFO, is it safe to book the flight in the second picture and only board SFO-SIN leg? Will they deny me because I miss the SIN-SFO flight? 
18862	Is there a cheaper (slower) way to get by train from Brussels to Paris than Thalys?	I'm wondering if there is a cheaper way to get from Brussels to Paris by train than Thalys. Thalys prices are alright if you book some time in advance, but it can be quite expensive if you book only a few days before. I don't mind if the travel time takes some extra hours.  This is related to the question “What is the cheapest / fastest way to get from Brussels to Paris?” but no one mentioned other options by train than Thalys there. Perhaps going through Lille is a possibility? 
18854	Is it okay to board only the second flight of a return ticket? The return ticket is much cheaper than buying one way	I was browsing flight price at Singapore Airlines website, and a one-way flight from SIN to SFO cost this much:    That's quite expensive. I tried browsing around and found that a return flight from SFO to SIN and back to SFO cost much cheaper:    It's really weird because the second ticket includes the exact same flight that cost 1900+, but it's almost half the price. The reason for this counter-intuitive situation is explained in the answers this question One-way versus return airfare tickets  If I am located in Singapore and my intention is to fly one-way to SFO, is it safe to book the flight in the second picture and only board SFO-SIN leg? Will they deny me because I miss the SIN-SFO flight? 
18841	Dual UK/Canadian Citizens travelling to USA and Canada	We are dual UK/Canadian citizens with both UK and Canadian passports. We reside in the UK. We will be travelling to the USA and Canada on holiday. Can we: -  leave UK on our UK passport and enter USA on Canadian pasport, then -  fly out of USA to Canada using our Canada passport -  fly back from Canada to UK with "in transit" stop in USA airport, using Canada passport to leave Canada and to get us through the "in transit" bit, and then re-enter UK on UK passport?  Alternative would be to get ESTA forms and to use our UK passports while travelling in USA and "in transit" in the USA 
18841	Dual UK/Canadian Citizens travelling to USA and Canada	We are dual UK/Canadian citizens with both UK and Canadian passports. We reside in the UK. We will be travelling to the USA and Canada on holiday. Can we: -  leave UK on our UK passport and enter USA on Canadian pasport, then -  fly out of USA to Canada using our Canada passport -  fly back from Canada to UK with "in transit" stop in USA airport, using Canada passport to leave Canada and to get us through the "in transit" bit, and then re-enter UK on UK passport?  Alternative would be to get ESTA forms and to use our UK passports while travelling in USA and "in transit" in the USA 
13731	What is the cheapest / fastest way to get from Brussels to Paris?	There are several ways of getting from Brussels to Paris. The fastest is probably the train, but it gets more expensive when you buy the ticket on the last minute.  My question can be really split into two:  Is there an alternative way, maybe through a different ticket operator, of buying a cheap train ticket from Brussels to Paris in short notice?  The alternative is going by Bus. What alternatives are there? Are there other operators besides Eurolines? maybe cheaper and/or faster?  Are there other options? 
18894	What is an International Driver's License?	I have never understood the difference between international and non-international driver's licenses. Are some countries issuing non-international driver's licenses? I always assumed that if I have a driver's license from one country, it only depends on agreements whether I can drive with that license in another country.   What is the procedural difference between getting international and non-international one, for example in Germany/EU? 
18903	How can I purchase duty free liquids if I'm connecting through the US?	I have seen both Duty-free liquids on a connecting flight in the US and Can I connect through the USA with liquid duty-free purchases? but as the situations are different, I'm not sure whether they answer my question.  I am flying      Lima (LIM) - Dallas (DFW) - Vancouver (YVR)   All flights are with American Airlines and I switch planes in Dallas.  As I understand it, there are the following options if I want to buy some scotch:   Purchase in Lima.  If I have access to checked baggage in Dallas, I pop the bottle in and re-check and I'm good.  If I don't have access to checked baggage I'm in trouble. Purchase in Dallas.  Same as above.   It seems like I need access to my checked baggage in Dallas in order to buy a bottle.  Is this the case?  If so, then will I have access to my checked baggage in Dallas?  If not, then how does it work if I don't get access to my checked baggage? 
18903	How can I purchase duty free liquids if I'm connecting through the US?	I have seen both Duty-free liquids on a connecting flight in the US and Can I connect through the USA with liquid duty-free purchases? but as the situations are different, I'm not sure whether they answer my question.  I am flying      Lima (LIM) - Dallas (DFW) - Vancouver (YVR)   All flights are with American Airlines and I switch planes in Dallas.  As I understand it, there are the following options if I want to buy some scotch:   Purchase in Lima.  If I have access to checked baggage in Dallas, I pop the bottle in and re-check and I'm good.  If I don't have access to checked baggage I'm in trouble. Purchase in Dallas.  Same as above.   It seems like I need access to my checked baggage in Dallas in order to buy a bottle.  Is this the case?  If so, then will I have access to my checked baggage in Dallas?  If not, then how does it work if I don't get access to my checked baggage? 
18925	How do you fly on standby without a ticket/boarding pass?	I know that when you have a boarding pass, and are just trying to get an earlier flight, you can get on a standby list at the gate and wait to see what happens.  However, if you are trying to fly for a lower fare (in the case of filling empty seats on an airplane), can you do this without buying (I assume) a regular fare in advance? I ask because as far as I know, if you don't have a boarding pass, you cannot get through security and to the gate.  I am willing to spend a few days at the airport in this effort, so that is not a problem. To be specific, my plan is to fly from California to Japan. 
18930	Good aurora viewing areas around Tromso accessible by public transport?	Hopefully this isn't a duplicate of this existing question: Tromsø for the Aurora Borealis in March  My question is whether it is possible to travel to areas in or around Tromso on public transport?  Are there places people can recommend outside of the light pollution of the city centre which are accessible by public transport in the evenings or later at night?  We will be based in the city centre and don't mind walking a couple of miles.  We are thinking of going in either February or March. 
18954	What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?	My specific question is about Europe: I'm going to be going through Germany, Czech Republic, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, and possibly Bosnia/Herzegovina and/or Montenegro.  (I live in the USA.)  However, I'm interested in the overall question for travel in general as well.  Basically what I want to know is what is the overall least painful way to get access to a mobile data network while travelling among several countries.  I have seen previous questions here, here and here.  The main three options described there are:   Use an international roaming option from your own home-country cell company. Use an international SIM card such as keepgo or the like. Buy a local SIM card in every individual country you travel to.   Option #1 is not available for me as I use TMobile prepaid which doesn't offer international data roaming.  Three years ago I went to several countries in western Europe and basically used option 3, but there I was just using voice/text because I didn't have a smartphone at that time.  It worked, but it was a bit of a hassle, not least because it was difficult to get clear information about what will happen when you buy a SIM card in one country and use it in another country.  For this trip data is more important to me than voice/text (I could probably forgo voice/text entirely), but the multi-country issue is still the big question mark.    What I'm wondering, beyond what is covered in the other questions, is essentially which of solution #2 and #3 is overall more practical.  Specifically:   Is it always the case that every single national border crossing means you need a new SIM card to avoid impractically high fees?  Most of the questions I've seen about this are from before the recent EU regulations on roaming charges.  I'm not an expert on those regulations, but from what I can find they seem to have somewhat lessened the pain of multi-country travel.  Are there are rules of thumb as far as roaming rates (e.g., if you go from one country to a neighboring country, will the rate increase typically be less than if you go to a more distant country)? At what point does the hassle of buying, installing, and adding money to multiple SIM cards (with the language-barrier problems likely to be present at each step) outweigh the drop in cost?  Also, there can be money wastage associated with getting a new card without using everything on the old card.  On some of the country-specific provider sites I looked at, it's not clear what will happen if you take one of these prepaid data SIMs outside the country.  Will they just not work, or will rates just skyrocket? How does performance compare between the local providers and a package deal like keepgo?   Basically I'm looking for practical guidance on where the happy medium is between keepgo's simple "$8/day 50MB" and the opposite extreme "maybe you can get cheaper rates by buying 5 different SIM cards and loading them with just the right amount of money". 
18954	What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?	My specific question is about Europe: I'm going to be going through Germany, Czech Republic, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, and possibly Bosnia/Herzegovina and/or Montenegro.  (I live in the USA.)  However, I'm interested in the overall question for travel in general as well.  Basically what I want to know is what is the overall least painful way to get access to a mobile data network while travelling among several countries.  I have seen previous questions here, here and here.  The main three options described there are:   Use an international roaming option from your own home-country cell company. Use an international SIM card such as keepgo or the like. Buy a local SIM card in every individual country you travel to.   Option #1 is not available for me as I use TMobile prepaid which doesn't offer international data roaming.  Three years ago I went to several countries in western Europe and basically used option 3, but there I was just using voice/text because I didn't have a smartphone at that time.  It worked, but it was a bit of a hassle, not least because it was difficult to get clear information about what will happen when you buy a SIM card in one country and use it in another country.  For this trip data is more important to me than voice/text (I could probably forgo voice/text entirely), but the multi-country issue is still the big question mark.    What I'm wondering, beyond what is covered in the other questions, is essentially which of solution #2 and #3 is overall more practical.  Specifically:   Is it always the case that every single national border crossing means you need a new SIM card to avoid impractically high fees?  Most of the questions I've seen about this are from before the recent EU regulations on roaming charges.  I'm not an expert on those regulations, but from what I can find they seem to have somewhat lessened the pain of multi-country travel.  Are there are rules of thumb as far as roaming rates (e.g., if you go from one country to a neighboring country, will the rate increase typically be less than if you go to a more distant country)? At what point does the hassle of buying, installing, and adding money to multiple SIM cards (with the language-barrier problems likely to be present at each step) outweigh the drop in cost?  Also, there can be money wastage associated with getting a new card without using everything on the old card.  On some of the country-specific provider sites I looked at, it's not clear what will happen if you take one of these prepaid data SIMs outside the country.  Will they just not work, or will rates just skyrocket? How does performance compare between the local providers and a package deal like keepgo?   Basically I'm looking for practical guidance on where the happy medium is between keepgo's simple "$8/day 50MB" and the opposite extreme "maybe you can get cheaper rates by buying 5 different SIM cards and loading them with just the right amount of money". 
18954	What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?	My specific question is about Europe: I'm going to be going through Germany, Czech Republic, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, and possibly Bosnia/Herzegovina and/or Montenegro.  (I live in the USA.)  However, I'm interested in the overall question for travel in general as well.  Basically what I want to know is what is the overall least painful way to get access to a mobile data network while travelling among several countries.  I have seen previous questions here, here and here.  The main three options described there are:   Use an international roaming option from your own home-country cell company. Use an international SIM card such as keepgo or the like. Buy a local SIM card in every individual country you travel to.   Option #1 is not available for me as I use TMobile prepaid which doesn't offer international data roaming.  Three years ago I went to several countries in western Europe and basically used option 3, but there I was just using voice/text because I didn't have a smartphone at that time.  It worked, but it was a bit of a hassle, not least because it was difficult to get clear information about what will happen when you buy a SIM card in one country and use it in another country.  For this trip data is more important to me than voice/text (I could probably forgo voice/text entirely), but the multi-country issue is still the big question mark.    What I'm wondering, beyond what is covered in the other questions, is essentially which of solution #2 and #3 is overall more practical.  Specifically:   Is it always the case that every single national border crossing means you need a new SIM card to avoid impractically high fees?  Most of the questions I've seen about this are from before the recent EU regulations on roaming charges.  I'm not an expert on those regulations, but from what I can find they seem to have somewhat lessened the pain of multi-country travel.  Are there are rules of thumb as far as roaming rates (e.g., if you go from one country to a neighboring country, will the rate increase typically be less than if you go to a more distant country)? At what point does the hassle of buying, installing, and adding money to multiple SIM cards (with the language-barrier problems likely to be present at each step) outweigh the drop in cost?  Also, there can be money wastage associated with getting a new card without using everything on the old card.  On some of the country-specific provider sites I looked at, it's not clear what will happen if you take one of these prepaid data SIMs outside the country.  Will they just not work, or will rates just skyrocket? How does performance compare between the local providers and a package deal like keepgo?   Basically I'm looking for practical guidance on where the happy medium is between keepgo's simple "$8/day 50MB" and the opposite extreme "maybe you can get cheaper rates by buying 5 different SIM cards and loading them with just the right amount of money". 
18989	Revoking passport - how does that work?	Thinking about the case of Snowden - how does the revocation of the passport work? As far as he physically holds his passport booklet - isn't it a valid travel document which he can use to cross the borders? Or is there any kind of an international system which stores the data on invalidated/revoked passports?  
19032	What exactly means to be a RAC ticket holder?	I have a couple of RAC tickets (we are a couple). It's my first time in India and I'm trying to understand the Indian railway system. I've read some answer here at Travel, but I cannot imagine how it works in practice. To have a RAC ticket means that I have any option to have a berth or not? (I have a RAC-56 and a RAC-57). If not, I have to share the berth as a normal sit? If I have to share it, may I choose to share it with my travel mate? or it will be automatically assigned? If I decide to desist (because I get a taktal ticket) the total price will be refunded?   I know that these are a lot of questions, but what I really need is a explanation of the system because I can't understand how it works. 
19038	How to lock a backpack?	In a response to a question in an India forum somebody answered that all items you leave in the Mumbai CTS cloak room must be "locked":     The cloak room charges something like Rs15 per item, and all items   must be locked, you'll need your train ticket and passport   We have a couple of backpacks, what does it mean "locked" when applied to a backpack?   
19031	Will a train ticket to Singapore be accepted as proof of onward travel to fly one-way into Malaysia?	So I've booked my ticket to start my next big overland trip and I've elected to start in Kuala Lumpur because it's the cheapest place to fly to from Sydney.  I've previously expressed some concerns that flying into KL on a one-way ticket could end in being refused permission to board the plane or to enter the country on arrival:   What happens if you arrive in Malaysia with a one-way ticket but are asked for proof of onward travel? Fly into Singapore or Kuala Lumpur on one-way ticket to begin overlanding trip?   Based on advice in those answers my plan is to buy a train ticket from Alor Setar to Hat Yai in Thailand, or perhaps from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore and use that as proof that I'll be leaving Malaysia.  But will this be sufficient? Should I buy a one-way ticket to Singapore and specifically avoid a return ticket? Or would I be better off buying a train ticket north since Singapore is the end of the line to the south whereas the north can take me to many countries far from Malaysia? 
19031	Will a train ticket to Singapore be accepted as proof of onward travel to fly one-way into Malaysia?	So I've booked my ticket to start my next big overland trip and I've elected to start in Kuala Lumpur because it's the cheapest place to fly to from Sydney.  I've previously expressed some concerns that flying into KL on a one-way ticket could end in being refused permission to board the plane or to enter the country on arrival:   What happens if you arrive in Malaysia with a one-way ticket but are asked for proof of onward travel? Fly into Singapore or Kuala Lumpur on one-way ticket to begin overlanding trip?   Based on advice in those answers my plan is to buy a train ticket from Alor Setar to Hat Yai in Thailand, or perhaps from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore and use that as proof that I'll be leaving Malaysia.  But will this be sufficient? Should I buy a one-way ticket to Singapore and specifically avoid a return ticket? Or would I be better off buying a train ticket north since Singapore is the end of the line to the south whereas the north can take me to many countries far from Malaysia? 
19132	Is it rude to ask for toilet paper in Bangladesh?	I have read this post : Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach? Does not quite answer my question.  Are toilet papers common in hotels in Dhaka ? It seems too off to mail the hotel asking for this. Even before I can mail I need to know if whether it is rude/offensive to ask for toilet paper in Dhaka/Bangladesh (to the hotel staff/grocery stores)? Even if I had to buy one for myself, are they readily available in grocery stores/marts ?   
19132	Is it rude to ask for toilet paper in Bangladesh?	I have read this post : Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach? Does not quite answer my question.  Are toilet papers common in hotels in Dhaka ? It seems too off to mail the hotel asking for this. Even before I can mail I need to know if whether it is rude/offensive to ask for toilet paper in Dhaka/Bangladesh (to the hotel staff/grocery stores)? Even if I had to buy one for myself, are they readily available in grocery stores/marts ?   
19111	How to quickly find out the entry requirements to country X for a citizen of country Y?	For example: I'm an Irish citizen and I want to know if I need a visa for Kyrgyzstan... or I'm American and I want to know what countries I can enter visa free in South America... etc.  I've often found it difficult to quickly find this sort of information online. At best a Google search finds an embassy webpage which you then have to trawl through it to get the actual answer to your question. Are there better approaches out there? 
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
19202	How can I get a VAT refund after I've left the UK from Luton Airport?	I'm a non-EU citizen. I left London from Luton Airport at 23:30. I did not find the blue HM customs post, so I took the VAT refund paper with me. How I can request the refund? Can I send it by post? To which address? 
19226	Benefits (or drawbacks) of ordering Euros from AAA (American Automobile Association) online	I am due to visit Europe on a Schengen visa for about a week in August. I was looking at various ways to get some petty cash (in Euros from USD) before flying.   Most of my expenditure will be paid for by an academic organization but I would still like some cash in my pocket. In addition, I have nice travel credit cards with no foreign transaction fees with me to use in an emergency.  Now, I have read a similar question on what some of the best practices are, in terms of exchanging USD to Euros. That question also touches on the fact that AAA type associations can also be used to exchange currency but does not explain the advantages or disadvantages of that approach vis-a-vis other approaches.  Since, I am an AAA member, I was wondering if any other AAA members or otherwise have any experience in ordering Euros from AAA online and if they could elaborate on the advantages and disadvantages of ordering from the AAA online versus other methods.  My ultimate objective is, as a student, to optimize my meagre finances when traveling in Europe. 
19232	Last minute / standby air travel options in Asia?	I've seen a few questions about 'staff standby' tickets - where you get a cheap ticket with 'low priority' - eg, if there's an empty seat, you can fly.   I call it "staff standby" because the questions I've seen so far seem to suggest that this is becoming less available to the public, but is still sometimes available to select groups (airline staff, etc).   It also seems like the answer might vary dependent on region.  So, currently (mid-2013) in the SEA region, can one still buy low price 'standby-priority'/'space-available' tickets?  (If it doesn't broaden the scope unacceptably, then as a follow-up: What similar possibilities exist, currently in this region?  (Last-minute non-stanby bookings, dramatically cheaper off-peak/red-eye rates, etc.))  Edit: some related recent questions (which got me thinking about this): Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)? Is it possible to travel on cargo aeroplanes? Flying stand by from US to Europe -- is it still worth it, and if so, how to do it? 
19232	Last minute / standby air travel options in Asia?	I've seen a few questions about 'staff standby' tickets - where you get a cheap ticket with 'low priority' - eg, if there's an empty seat, you can fly.   I call it "staff standby" because the questions I've seen so far seem to suggest that this is becoming less available to the public, but is still sometimes available to select groups (airline staff, etc).   It also seems like the answer might vary dependent on region.  So, currently (mid-2013) in the SEA region, can one still buy low price 'standby-priority'/'space-available' tickets?  (If it doesn't broaden the scope unacceptably, then as a follow-up: What similar possibilities exist, currently in this region?  (Last-minute non-stanby bookings, dramatically cheaper off-peak/red-eye rates, etc.))  Edit: some related recent questions (which got me thinking about this): Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)? Is it possible to travel on cargo aeroplanes? Flying stand by from US to Europe -- is it still worth it, and if so, how to do it? 
19232	Last minute / standby air travel options in Asia?	I've seen a few questions about 'staff standby' tickets - where you get a cheap ticket with 'low priority' - eg, if there's an empty seat, you can fly.   I call it "staff standby" because the questions I've seen so far seem to suggest that this is becoming less available to the public, but is still sometimes available to select groups (airline staff, etc).   It also seems like the answer might vary dependent on region.  So, currently (mid-2013) in the SEA region, can one still buy low price 'standby-priority'/'space-available' tickets?  (If it doesn't broaden the scope unacceptably, then as a follow-up: What similar possibilities exist, currently in this region?  (Last-minute non-stanby bookings, dramatically cheaper off-peak/red-eye rates, etc.))  Edit: some related recent questions (which got me thinking about this): Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)? Is it possible to travel on cargo aeroplanes? Flying stand by from US to Europe -- is it still worth it, and if so, how to do it? 
19230	Primary vs. secondary coverage for someone without health insurance?	What is the difference between primary and secondary coverage on a travel policy for someone who does not have primary health care? Is there any difference whatsoever (in terms of claims and/or payment to the health facility, or anything else)? 
19229	If I have a visitor visa for Switzerland (Schengen visa), can I visit France?	I'm an Indian citizen and I have got a UK visitor visa.  I hope to travel to France for 4 days, however we were not able to get an appointment. So now we are planning to get a visa for Switzerland (Schengen visa), and visit France. Is it permissible to visit France and not Switzerland on the Schengen visa? 
19199	Storage that ships belongings to location	Is there a service (obviously paid) in which you can ship containers to specific address and the will be indexed and stored in a facility.  Then ideally when you need the containers you give them your address and they will attempt to expedite them to you as fast as possible?    Ideally such a service could be based around some of the large airports in the US (similar to Amazon's distributions centers) so you could get 1-2 day delivery speeds.  Now some may argue that his doesn't relate to travel, but imagine how convenient it would be to log onto either a website or dial a phone and get your goods (or replacement goods) with in a couple days.  Perfect if you lose your goods while traveling. 
19392	Travelling teenagers in the USA	Me and my friend are planning to visit the USA next year, to celibrate our high school graduation (we'll both be 18 years old by then). I have family living in California (San Francisco) so we plan on staying at their house. Of course we want to spend most of our time travelling, so we'll spend the occasional night in the hotel/motel.   We'd like to explore the state (of course not the entire state, but at least Los Angeles) and go as far as the Grand Canyon and Las Vegas. Seeing as we both have a EU driver's license, we thought we could just rent a car. However, recently I've heard that it is nearly impossible for anyone under the age of 21 to rent a car, so my question is: What is the best way to do the aforementioned things (in terms of transportation)?  Our main concern is the price. Another less important factor is the scenery. 
19415	Is there a way to find prices from departure city to multiple cities or countries at once?	I'm looking for airline ticket prices, and since my route around Europe is essentially one big circle, it doesn't really matter where I start. I just want to find the cheapest tickets that will get me to Europe. Is there a way to look for airline prices for City ABC to Europe? Or City ABC to a list of any of these 30 destinations? (The choice of 30 was arbitrary, but I was thinking of pooling a list of all capitals or major cities in my route and including all the airports within, say, a 25 mile radius of each of those cities).  As of now, I'm just doing city by city and it's making it difficult to compare prices. 
19429	Transit via uk with Italian Schengen visa	I am Eritrean traveling from Sudan to Italy. I have got a Schengen  visa to Italy, my question is, can I transit through UK without any other additional visa, mean with that Italian schengen visa only. 
19478	Travel implications when going to Muslim countries after a visit to Israel	I would like to visit Israel, but I have heard that if you visit some Muslim countries, they won't let you in, and visa versa.  Does it depend on which Muslim countries?  I imagine there would be different policies say between Egypt and Iran.  Does the order of visit matter?  How can 'they' tell you have been to a particular country, is it by the stamps in your passport or what?  I am on a New Zealand passport.  I have visited Malaysia and Indonesia (Bali) in the past (with a stamp in my current passport)  I would like to visit Israel.  I would like to visit the following Muslim/Middle eastern countries:  Egypt, Jordan (Petra), Turkey, Malaysia again. 
19478	Travel implications when going to Muslim countries after a visit to Israel	I would like to visit Israel, but I have heard that if you visit some Muslim countries, they won't let you in, and visa versa.  Does it depend on which Muslim countries?  I imagine there would be different policies say between Egypt and Iran.  Does the order of visit matter?  How can 'they' tell you have been to a particular country, is it by the stamps in your passport or what?  I am on a New Zealand passport.  I have visited Malaysia and Indonesia (Bali) in the past (with a stamp in my current passport)  I would like to visit Israel.  I would like to visit the following Muslim/Middle eastern countries:  Egypt, Jordan (Petra), Turkey, Malaysia again. 
7779	Price-hacking a one-way flight?	I will be travelling to the USA in a month (by plane) but have found one-way flights are more expensive than return. Is there a good way to deal with this? So I can book the cheapest flight possible, when and where might I look to book? 
19486	Which sanctions can be applied by airline to me if I use round trip ticket as a one way	I want to travel from city A to city B. Round trip ticket costs much less than one-way. So I want to buy a round trip ticket and travel only in one direction. What airline can do to me to punish such a life hack? Will I have any problems with this? 
19486	Which sanctions can be applied by airline to me if I use round trip ticket as a one way	I want to travel from city A to city B. Round trip ticket costs much less than one-way. So I want to buy a round trip ticket and travel only in one direction. What airline can do to me to punish such a life hack? Will I have any problems with this? 
19490	Multi-country cellular carriers?	I've noticed that a lot of mobile operators have service in several European countries -- Vonage, Orange, Lebara, etc -- but it looks like if you get a SIM card from Orange France, you'll pay international rates in Spain, even though you're (presumably?) on the Orange Spain network.  Likewise, Lebara operates in my country (Germany) and France, but if I want to cross the border it looks like I'd have to pick up a local SIM.  Do any carriers provide service with "local" costs across country lines?  I've seen outfits like Keepgo and Droam that will rent you an "international" SIM, but they cost an arm and a leg.  I'm traveling to France, Spain, and Portugal over the course of a month, and it would be far cheaper to buy 3 different Vodaphone (for example) SIMs than to pay for one of these "international" cards.  I'd far prefer, though, to pay €30 once, and get a monthly data package, instead of paying €10 in each country and then buying weekly service.  (If it matters, I only want to make sure I can do web searches and use maps on my iPad; I don't need a huge data allowance -- 100MB/week would probably be fine.) 
19539	Train from Gold Coast to Sydney	I'm searching to alternative to travel from Gold Coast to Sydney, other than flying.   Is there any train service from Gold Coast to Sydney?  How long and which station to go? Is the train ticket able to be booked online? 
19558	Beach huts closest to London	Where is the closest place from London (in terms of travel time, assuming flight and public transport further on) that has beach huts like these?    I am after cheap and simple huts, rather than an exclusive resort that looks like beach huts.  EDIT: I was a bit unclear: I am looking for huts that you can live in, which provide some basic facilities and are located almost on the beach. I have seen this type only in warm climates so far (because of the practical reasons probably) 
19560	Is there still uncharted land?	Recently I drove on a road not yet mapped on osm. As soon as I get back, I will add it. It made me wonder if every piece of land is already mapped, or if you could still have a bit of adventure, doing some real exploring. 
19594	Transiting from Heathrow (LHR) to Newark (EWR) to La Guardia (LGA) to Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ)	I have a valid Canadian Study Permit - Visa and will be travelling to Toronto Canada this summer via British Airways and I've booked and paid for my flight ticket, which has 2 connections from Muritala Muhammad Airport in Lagos to Heathrow Airport London and to Newark Liberty International (EWR) to LaGuardia Airport (LGA) in order to board my final flight to Toronto. My question goes thus: do I need a Transit Visa to board the US bound plane from Heathrow to Newark International and transiting from Newark Liberty International to LaGuardia Airport to board my last flights to Toronto? 
19606	What are the registration requirements when visiting Russia?	I'm visiting Russia, and I've read that I need to register my visa after arrival.  Some hotels do this for you, but I'm staying in a rental apartment. What exactly do I need to do? Where should I go?  I'm staying in Saint Petersburg.  What will happen if I don't register? 
19650	Public transports from Prague to Wroclaw	Is there shuttle or train (other than Eurolines) from Prague to Wroclaw?  It doesn't matter if it's direct or not, but I couldn't find any link for booking the train. I have to be in Wroclaw maximum at 4 o'clock,on 21st august, but Eurolines arrives too late. 
19672	SIM Card for vacation in the US	I will be visiting New York for about 10 days. I have an iPhone 4S (unlocked).  What are my options to have a sim card, preferably with data?   I probably won't use voice that much, but want to be able to make a call if needed. 
19685	How feasible is it to travel from Singapore all the way to London only by Train	Hi i am wondering how feasible (apart from economic point of view) it is to travel from Singapore to London by train and having to change to other means of transport as minimum as possible.  As far as i know these are the possible itinerary   Board the Orient &amp; Express Train from Singapore to Bangkok Bangkok to Vietnam (Hanoi or Ho Chi Min City) ??? is any direct rain service connecting these two cities?? From Hanoi (Vietnam) all the way to Beijing (China) requires change at Dong Dang station. Once in China, there are many possibility to go to Europe by Train using the famous Tran-Siberian. From Moscow, options are abundant. One could go directly to London or make a few stop over at German, Paris or other European City.   How feasible is it to travel by train from Singapore to London by train (at least in terms of safety and reliability).  edit:  Just as i thought, i have to be more specific on my question.  Cheers, 
19685	How feasible is it to travel from Singapore all the way to London only by Train	Hi i am wondering how feasible (apart from economic point of view) it is to travel from Singapore to London by train and having to change to other means of transport as minimum as possible.  As far as i know these are the possible itinerary   Board the Orient &amp; Express Train from Singapore to Bangkok Bangkok to Vietnam (Hanoi or Ho Chi Min City) ??? is any direct rain service connecting these two cities?? From Hanoi (Vietnam) all the way to Beijing (China) requires change at Dong Dang station. Once in China, there are many possibility to go to Europe by Train using the famous Tran-Siberian. From Moscow, options are abundant. One could go directly to London or make a few stop over at German, Paris or other European City.   How feasible is it to travel by train from Singapore to London by train (at least in terms of safety and reliability).  edit:  Just as i thought, i have to be more specific on my question.  Cheers, 
19637	Do I need any transit visa in Geneva airport?	I am travelling to Montreal from Beirut, Lebanon and transiting through Geneva, Switzerland. I am holding a Syrian passport. Do I need any transit visa in Geneva airport? 
19692	Where to find international train fares for Europe	I'm based in Germany, and the Deutsche Bahn website is great for scheduling international train travel.  It knows all about the train times and connections all over Europe.  However, it rarely shows fares for trips which cross a border.  All the other national train operators' websites I've tried have the same problem.  This makes them rather useless for comparing prices when I've got a destination in mind and am trying to choose between, say, taking the train, flying, or renting a car...  or alternately if I've got a budget but no particular destination in mind, and would like to see what places I can afford to visit.  Is there any website which will let me plan train journeys in Europe, and give me the exact or even approximate fares?  (That is, something similar to the many flight search websites like Kayak.) 
19707	I have a B1/B2 visa, can I visit my husband in the US?	I currently have a B1/B2 visa valid till 2020. My Husband is in the US currently working under his OPT. I would like to visit him on a tourist visa. Can I travel on my B1/B2 visa? Am I allowed to stay for 6 months or 1 year? Can I by any chance extend it from the US itself? Also do I need an invite letter/ sponsorship from my husband for me to travel on B1/B2 visa? 
19731	Requirements to drive to Mexico from USA	I have read this (but talks only about rental cars):  What do I need if I want to travel from USA to Mexico with a rental car?  And I have read this (does not talk about visitors(to the US)) :  http://guadalajara.usconsulate.gov/general_information/frequently-asked-questions/what-are-the-requirements-for-taking-my-car-to-mexico.html  I have a buddy with me who has a Bangladesh passport. Has a B1/B2 visa and an I94 card. I  (have a US license and a US passport) and he wish to drive to Mexico. What are the requirements for us to do so ? I don't want to rent a car but drive my truck (Ford F-250). Do I need to buy extra Vehicle Insurance other than the comprehensive one I got right now ? We will spend barely 48 hours in the Mexican side.   
19731	Requirements to drive to Mexico from USA	I have read this (but talks only about rental cars):  What do I need if I want to travel from USA to Mexico with a rental car?  And I have read this (does not talk about visitors(to the US)) :  http://guadalajara.usconsulate.gov/general_information/frequently-asked-questions/what-are-the-requirements-for-taking-my-car-to-mexico.html  I have a buddy with me who has a Bangladesh passport. Has a B1/B2 visa and an I94 card. I  (have a US license and a US passport) and he wish to drive to Mexico. What are the requirements for us to do so ? I don't want to rent a car but drive my truck (Ford F-250). Do I need to buy extra Vehicle Insurance other than the comprehensive one I got right now ? We will spend barely 48 hours in the Mexican side.   
19739	Which city to visit in Mexico closest to Texas border	While asking this question : Requirements to drive to Mexico from USA I realized I would be better off asking this question first.  While driving in personal truck, what would be the closest Mexican city/town/suburb from Texas border that one can visit to experience traditional Mexican culture and food? It would be nice if the city would have a few places to visit. We are not looking for anything fancy. Any places of archaeological importance or places with scenic beauty (just visually appealing).  
19664	Can I enter Romania from Dubai with a Schengen visa?	Would I be able to enter Romania on a Schengen visa if I'm staying less than 5 days? Basically I would be doing Dubai-Romania-Dubai. 
19790	Are the hoses in toilets in Asia something I should know about?	I have noticed random bits of hose without proper fittings before I think for example in India and just assumed they are for use by the cleaners or for filling the water jug in squat toilets.  But Now I'm travelling in Malaysia and Singapore and there are more western toilets than squat toilets in the places I've been yet proper hoses with proper fittings are very common in toilets:  (Hose next to a Western style toilet in my hostel in Chinatown, Kuala Lumpur.)  At one place in Singapore there were even signs on each cubicle door stating whether it contained a western or squat toilet, but also whether there was a hose! (I didn't take a photo of the sign, unfortunately)  This makes me think there is a use for the hose for clients, not just cleaners. But for what purpose? Should I know how to use it as a tourist? Please tell me it's not a kind of alternative to a bidet!  Possibly related is the fact that many toilet floors are awash with water. This can be a big problem if you're not wearing waterproof shoes or have to lower your trousers and keep them dry. Other than this toilets are pretty clean and I've seen both the hoses and the wetness in what I would regard as somewhat "fancy" places. 
19812	How to deal with blisters / chafing on walking-intensive trips?	Some kinds of trips involve lots of walking: trekking and hitchhiking come to mind and I personally fall into the latter category.  If you're walking in hot humid conditions or are still breaking in new footwear you can subject yourself to some kinds of "injuries" you might not otherwise get at home because of long distances or climates unlike you're used to.  So if you develop blisters or chafing partway through a long walking trip, how best to continue on without too many or too long breaks?  I'm currently on day three of a convalescence and would much prefer to keep hitchhiking but I don't want to aggravate my blisters and chafing, especially if doing so might involve infections or other complications.   One of my blisters after three days of healing. 
19804	Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?	I've started seeing commercials for some company doing a kind of "travel roulette" where a traveler is randomly given a destination and their vacation is free if they agree to go right now.  Which is pretty cool, but the idea got me thinking...  If someone were to set up a general time slot (say, 2 weeks) and just show up at the airport  (US in this case) with only a carry-on bag, is there some way to sort of hang around in a stand-by status and pick up a last-minute stand-by flight really cheap?  Basically, not caring about where to go, just wanting to go on some sort of travel "adventure" somewhere in the world?  (That is, this is specifically asking about international flights.)  I feel like that used to be possible back in the day, but I don't know much about the rules and regulations these days in US airports aside from just shuffling through like any other traveler.  For example, one used to be able to get to the gates without a boarding pass (which I imagine would be the ideal place to grab a last-minute "the doors are closing now and there are still empty seats" ticket), but that's no longer the case.  For anybody who happens to work in or know about the workings of airline travel, is this something that's possible?  It occurs to me that, at that last moment when the plane is boarding, any empty seat is essentially lost revenue.  So I would think that there should be some way to get into one of those seats at cost plus a moderate fee.  Or is this just wishful thinking?  Even if it is possible, is it not worth it because getting back home would be cost-prohibitive? 
19804	Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?	I've started seeing commercials for some company doing a kind of "travel roulette" where a traveler is randomly given a destination and their vacation is free if they agree to go right now.  Which is pretty cool, but the idea got me thinking...  If someone were to set up a general time slot (say, 2 weeks) and just show up at the airport  (US in this case) with only a carry-on bag, is there some way to sort of hang around in a stand-by status and pick up a last-minute stand-by flight really cheap?  Basically, not caring about where to go, just wanting to go on some sort of travel "adventure" somewhere in the world?  (That is, this is specifically asking about international flights.)  I feel like that used to be possible back in the day, but I don't know much about the rules and regulations these days in US airports aside from just shuffling through like any other traveler.  For example, one used to be able to get to the gates without a boarding pass (which I imagine would be the ideal place to grab a last-minute "the doors are closing now and there are still empty seats" ticket), but that's no longer the case.  For anybody who happens to work in or know about the workings of airline travel, is this something that's possible?  It occurs to me that, at that last moment when the plane is boarding, any empty seat is essentially lost revenue.  So I would think that there should be some way to get into one of those seats at cost plus a moderate fee.  Or is this just wishful thinking?  Even if it is possible, is it not worth it because getting back home would be cost-prohibitive? 
19804	Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?	I've started seeing commercials for some company doing a kind of "travel roulette" where a traveler is randomly given a destination and their vacation is free if they agree to go right now.  Which is pretty cool, but the idea got me thinking...  If someone were to set up a general time slot (say, 2 weeks) and just show up at the airport  (US in this case) with only a carry-on bag, is there some way to sort of hang around in a stand-by status and pick up a last-minute stand-by flight really cheap?  Basically, not caring about where to go, just wanting to go on some sort of travel "adventure" somewhere in the world?  (That is, this is specifically asking about international flights.)  I feel like that used to be possible back in the day, but I don't know much about the rules and regulations these days in US airports aside from just shuffling through like any other traveler.  For example, one used to be able to get to the gates without a boarding pass (which I imagine would be the ideal place to grab a last-minute "the doors are closing now and there are still empty seats" ticket), but that's no longer the case.  For anybody who happens to work in or know about the workings of airline travel, is this something that's possible?  It occurs to me that, at that last moment when the plane is boarding, any empty seat is essentially lost revenue.  So I would think that there should be some way to get into one of those seats at cost plus a moderate fee.  Or is this just wishful thinking?  Even if it is possible, is it not worth it because getting back home would be cost-prohibitive? 
19807	Need info regarding cheapest mobile connections and internet plans in Berlin	What is the cheapest and reliable mobile network in Berlin? I may also ask what are the most effective Internet providers/connections in Berlin? I will be moving to Berlin for the very first time and so I need information regarding SIM cards/connections, best ISD rate tariff connections and also info regarding Internet (Good speed yet cheap) for Skyping. 
19822	Is there a way to do a river cruise in Hamburg on the cheap?	Hamburg is located on the River Elbe, and has a lot of interesting buildings, parks and artwork located in and around the river and docks. All the guidebooks seem to suggest taking a cruise/tour along the river as part of a visit to Hamburg, even just a short one. However, the commercial river tour operators seem to be somewhat expensive...  Are there any cheaper options available? Perhaps something cunning involving public transport tickets? 
19875	One afternoon/night in Vegas - what to do?	As the title says, in about a month, as part of our tour of western USA, we (my fiancee and myself) will be spending an afternoon and evening in Las Vegas. We'll be staying on a hotel on the Strip itself (Harrah's Las Vegas Resort), so we should be closeish to most things.  We have a few things we'd like to do (if possible in the limited timeframe), and would appreciate any suggestions you guys might have.   Go see a show We're a young couple, so nothing too traditional (and we've seen Cirque du Soleil last month already ;). What's good? I'm thinking I might like Absinthe or Siegfried and Roy, but open to any suggestions. Also, is it worth to look for one of those shows that have dinner included?  Gamble. Would only be for a small amount of money (max 200$), as it would be more about sniffing up the athmosphere. I suppose we could gamble at our own resort, but I'm wondering if it's worth going to one of the bigger casino's to gawk ;) Can you use the casino of a hotel you're not staying in btw? See the sights. This is an open one, but since we're only going to be there a short time, I'd like to see as many must-see things as possible. For example, passing by the Bellagio to see the fountain show, and possibly the Atlantis show at the other hotel. Is there some kind of guide to things you can see while making (for example) a long walk down the Strip?   I realise this is probably a slightly difficult question as everyone has their own idea what 'must' be seen in Vegas, but at this point I'd rather have too much information then too little ;) 
19875	One afternoon/night in Vegas - what to do?	As the title says, in about a month, as part of our tour of western USA, we (my fiancee and myself) will be spending an afternoon and evening in Las Vegas. We'll be staying on a hotel on the Strip itself (Harrah's Las Vegas Resort), so we should be closeish to most things.  We have a few things we'd like to do (if possible in the limited timeframe), and would appreciate any suggestions you guys might have.   Go see a show We're a young couple, so nothing too traditional (and we've seen Cirque du Soleil last month already ;). What's good? I'm thinking I might like Absinthe or Siegfried and Roy, but open to any suggestions. Also, is it worth to look for one of those shows that have dinner included?  Gamble. Would only be for a small amount of money (max 200$), as it would be more about sniffing up the athmosphere. I suppose we could gamble at our own resort, but I'm wondering if it's worth going to one of the bigger casino's to gawk ;) Can you use the casino of a hotel you're not staying in btw? See the sights. This is an open one, but since we're only going to be there a short time, I'd like to see as many must-see things as possible. For example, passing by the Bellagio to see the fountain show, and possibly the Atlantis show at the other hotel. Is there some kind of guide to things you can see while making (for example) a long walk down the Strip?   I realise this is probably a slightly difficult question as everyone has their own idea what 'must' be seen in Vegas, but at this point I'd rather have too much information then too little ;) 
19880	Rent a car in LA with insurances	I have intention to rent a Mustang in LA , but the thing is, insurances are so expensive and I do not want to be robbed by the renters.  Which insurances should I choose absolutely? 
19883	What offshore account provides best access to funds while travelling?	I am going to travel to Japan and many other countries next year. (backpack, etc)  I'd like to carry a little travel cash while I keep the most of it an an easy-to-access bank.  I understand that some locations (like Burma) require crisp $100 bills dated after 2006.  A friend told me the easiest way to keep a large sum of money ($100,000 or more) is to keep it in an offshore account such as the Cayman Islands, Isle of Man, Bermuda, or Bahamas.   What is the most reliable (or cheapest) way to transfer money to me on demand, while travelling?   Note: All my money is "clean" and from a work paycheck, so I have no concerns about AML laws, and I'm not terribly worried about privacy.  I just want the money to be quickly accessible, with as little fees as possible. 
19804	Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?	I've started seeing commercials for some company doing a kind of "travel roulette" where a traveler is randomly given a destination and their vacation is free if they agree to go right now.  Which is pretty cool, but the idea got me thinking...  If someone were to set up a general time slot (say, 2 weeks) and just show up at the airport  (US in this case) with only a carry-on bag, is there some way to sort of hang around in a stand-by status and pick up a last-minute stand-by flight really cheap?  Basically, not caring about where to go, just wanting to go on some sort of travel "adventure" somewhere in the world?  (That is, this is specifically asking about international flights.)  I feel like that used to be possible back in the day, but I don't know much about the rules and regulations these days in US airports aside from just shuffling through like any other traveler.  For example, one used to be able to get to the gates without a boarding pass (which I imagine would be the ideal place to grab a last-minute "the doors are closing now and there are still empty seats" ticket), but that's no longer the case.  For anybody who happens to work in or know about the workings of airline travel, is this something that's possible?  It occurs to me that, at that last moment when the plane is boarding, any empty seat is essentially lost revenue.  So I would think that there should be some way to get into one of those seats at cost plus a moderate fee.  Or is this just wishful thinking?  Even if it is possible, is it not worth it because getting back home would be cost-prohibitive? 
19939	Will I need a transit visa for transit in Stockholm in a trip from Turkey to Russia?	I have a flight from Istanbul (Turkey) to Saint Petersburg in Russia. I have two nationalities   I booked my ticket on my Syrian passport because I entered Turkey with it, and I will carry my Russian passport with me to enter Russia.  My flight is from Istanbul to Stockholm then after 3 hours I will change the plan to heading to Saint Petersburg.   Shall I need a transit visa for three hours in Stockholm? 
19971	How can one obtain a Chinese tourist visa from Saint Petersburg, Russia	How can an EU citizen (Poland) and US citizen obtain Chinese tourist visas while in Saint Petersburg, Russia?  Is it possible to do without returning home? 
19968	Travelling from India to Ukraine. Do I need Transit Visa for Vienna?	I am traveling from Delhi to Kiev( Ukraine) via Vienna. Do I need a transit Visa? Transit time is 2 hrs.  I hold an Indian passport and Visa for Ukraine. 
19989	How to buy tickets for country to country within Europe	I've been reading some sites on train travel and it's very overwhelming. I'm still not sure what I need to do. I understand that within a country in Europe, its best to purchase from respective sites, but I've no clue what to do between countries. I also don't know if it's advisable, or even possible, that I use the same train pass (the one for getting from country to country) for train passes within the country.  Over the course of 2.5 months, I need to go from Italy to Austria to the Czech Republic, to Germany, to Sweden, then Belgium, and finally France.  What do I do for the train rides between countries?  
19989	How to buy tickets for country to country within Europe	I've been reading some sites on train travel and it's very overwhelming. I'm still not sure what I need to do. I understand that within a country in Europe, its best to purchase from respective sites, but I've no clue what to do between countries. I also don't know if it's advisable, or even possible, that I use the same train pass (the one for getting from country to country) for train passes within the country.  Over the course of 2.5 months, I need to go from Italy to Austria to the Czech Republic, to Germany, to Sweden, then Belgium, and finally France.  What do I do for the train rides between countries?  
19989	How to buy tickets for country to country within Europe	I've been reading some sites on train travel and it's very overwhelming. I'm still not sure what I need to do. I understand that within a country in Europe, its best to purchase from respective sites, but I've no clue what to do between countries. I also don't know if it's advisable, or even possible, that I use the same train pass (the one for getting from country to country) for train passes within the country.  Over the course of 2.5 months, I need to go from Italy to Austria to the Czech Republic, to Germany, to Sweden, then Belgium, and finally France.  What do I do for the train rides between countries?  
20007	Can I buy a plane ticket from A-B-C but get on the plane at B?	I'm planning a trip to South-Korea in April. I was looking at flight ticket prices and found that I can go from Brussels to Seoul (and back) for about 600€. It lands in London however. I then tried to find the same flight but from London (I was expecting I could get the price even more down if I'm not doing BRU-LHR), but no search engine found it and the cheapest was at about 700€.  Here you can see what I'm talking about in action: http://www.skyscanner.net/flights/lhr/icn/140405/140428/airfares-from-london-heathrow-to-seoul-incheon-intl-in-april-2014.html http://www.skyscanner.net/flights/brus/icn/140405/140428/airfares-from-brussels-to-seoul-incheon-intl-in-april-2014.html  It's the same date and everything, and it's much cheaper from Brussels although it lands in London.  Question: This seem really strange.  Why does this happen, and is it possible to buy the ticket from Brussels but only get on the plane from London? 
20031	US tourism/business visa from non-resident country	I applied for multiple visas before (not US visa), but all of them was from my residence country. In all of these cases, I can get official paper which support my evidence (bank statement, letter which states I am employed with high salary, marriage certificate, security clearance, ...).  It is the same question as Can I apply for and receive a US visa when residing in country other than my own?, but I am not residing; I have a business visa.  case-specific details: I am from Egypt, I have business visa for Ireland. While in Ireland, I want to apply for US business visa.  Why no to apply from Egypt?: Because waiting time is too long (75 days). Waiting time in Ireland in only 18 days. Both visits (Ireland, US) are short visits (3 weeks for each). 
20031	US tourism/business visa from non-resident country	I applied for multiple visas before (not US visa), but all of them was from my residence country. In all of these cases, I can get official paper which support my evidence (bank statement, letter which states I am employed with high salary, marriage certificate, security clearance, ...).  It is the same question as Can I apply for and receive a US visa when residing in country other than my own?, but I am not residing; I have a business visa.  case-specific details: I am from Egypt, I have business visa for Ireland. While in Ireland, I want to apply for US business visa.  Why no to apply from Egypt?: Because waiting time is too long (75 days). Waiting time in Ireland in only 18 days. Both visits (Ireland, US) are short visits (3 weeks for each). 
20017	Pakistani Traveller in Australia, who wants to apply for USA visa	I am a Pakistani national who is currently in Australia on visit visa since July. I intend to visit family in the USA on my way back to Pakistan in a month or so. Can I apply for a USA visa from Australia or do I need to apply from my home country? If my question is a duplicate please share the link of the duplicate question.  
20083	Is it safe to go to Içmeler, Turkey now?	I am going to Içmeler next week and I am worried about all this trouble just now. Is it safe to go just now? 
20085	Indian Visa in expired passport, new passport with husband's surname	I have an Indian visa valid till 2013 in my old passport. But since I just got married I'm changing my surname and hence changing my passport.  Will my Indian visa in my now old passport be valid, provided I have all Marriage documents? 
20091	Information about public transport in Greece	I'm going on a holiday to Greece tomorrow, and since I won't have a car over there I'm going to have to use public transport. After a bit of googling, I only found some vague descriptions about intercity buses, but nothing about timetables and prices.  So I was wondering if there is some sort of search engine or official website where I can find timetables and prices for buses in Greece. I'm not sure if it makes a difference, but I'm staying on the island of Zakynthos. 
20091	Information about public transport in Greece	I'm going on a holiday to Greece tomorrow, and since I won't have a car over there I'm going to have to use public transport. After a bit of googling, I only found some vague descriptions about intercity buses, but nothing about timetables and prices.  So I was wondering if there is some sort of search engine or official website where I can find timetables and prices for buses in Greece. I'm not sure if it makes a difference, but I'm staying on the island of Zakynthos. 
20102	USA - ESTA for 5-month stay	My mum is Australian and wants to enter the States with an ESTA and stay around 5 months.   Could she apply for a B-2 visa in the US or does she have to go back to Australia and apply for one? Or can she go to Canada or Europe for a week when the 90 days expire and come back with a new ESTA? 
20102	USA - ESTA for 5-month stay	My mum is Australian and wants to enter the States with an ESTA and stay around 5 months.   Could she apply for a B-2 visa in the US or does she have to go back to Australia and apply for one? Or can she go to Canada or Europe for a week when the 90 days expire and come back with a new ESTA? 
20102	USA - ESTA for 5-month stay	My mum is Australian and wants to enter the States with an ESTA and stay around 5 months.   Could she apply for a B-2 visa in the US or does she have to go back to Australia and apply for one? Or can she go to Canada or Europe for a week when the 90 days expire and come back with a new ESTA? 
20115	Why doesn't Saudi Arabia issue tourist visas?	First of all, I am aware of the question about how to visit Saudia Arabia. This question is about why doesn't Saudi Arabia issue tourist visas.  Second, for sometime now I am wondering why doesn't Saudi Arabia issue tourist visas or why it stopped issuing them after allowing the visas for tourists for sometimes. I was looking around all Saudi official websites about the reason behind this but I came empty handed. I then tried searching the local news websites but again, no luck at all! I am surprised that such an issue is totally ignored and not even one article in Arabic about the issue.   I know some might think because Saudi's official religion is Islam and they might do not want non-Muslims to come, this is wrong because a big percentage of the 7 million expats are non-Muslims, I'm also sure there is no rule to prefer Muslim expats over non-Muslims. If someone is wondering why Saudi Arabia issue the visas for Hajj (pilgrimage), well Makkah and Madinah the targeted cities for pilgrims are considerd holy cities and open to all Muslims as per the book, so Saudi can not just stop people from visiting these cities. So religion is out of question.  Is it politics? I don't think so, Saudi Arabia is considered a friend of almost all the world. In addition to that, the suspension of the visa is general to all nationalities. So I do not think it is politics.   What's kinda funny is, I (as Saudi national) can get a visa to almost all countries (most do not even require a visa or require VOA) while nationals from these countries can not get a visa to visit Saudi! isn't that weird? why don't these countries suspend visas for Saudis? you know, treat me the same way you want to be treated!   Anyway, I am not asking for an open discussion, I am simply asking for the reason behind this if anyone is aware of it or have a source that explains why.  
19241	Can a normal backpacker obtain a multiple-entry Chinese visa while on the road?	I'm an Australian citizen backpacking around Southeast Asia, currently in Bangkok. I would like to criss-cross China several times on this trip to visit some of its neighbouring country by crossing land borders. So I need to apply for a multiple-entry tourist visa for China.  At the time I originally asked this question I had hunted for information on this and finally found (on a page that's now a dead link) what seem to be extra prerequisites for multiple-entry tourist visas that are not necessary for single entry visas:     (vii) If applicant can furnish one of the following documents, applicant may apply for multiple-entry L-Visa:   (1) Real estate certificate in China (original and photocopy); or   (2) Notarized kinship or marriage certificate (original and photocopy); or   (3) At least twice China immigration entry records and photocopy.     Another site user has found another current page here with a similar list.  I don't even know what some of these things are. Does this mean it's not possible for a backpacker to get a multiple-entry visa? Does anybody have experience with this? Would the fact that I'm not applying in my home country present an extra problem?  If the rules or the actual practice of the application process varies from country to country, is Bangkok a better or worse place to apply, or would I be better off postponing it and applying in another country in Southeast Asia? 
20126	How to get same-day emergency money in Thailand?	A Canadian guy at my hostel here in Bangkok lost his wallet last night so is without cash and cards. He flies back to Canada later today but needs some money to survive on and pay the hostel bill.  He called the Visa emergency number and I was surprised to hear that they cannot get him emergency money today. I have used this service in the past in more difficult places than Thailand but I guess things have changed.  There are Western Union offices or agents nearby and he has PayPal. But Googling for the two in combination I learn that Western union does not support PayPal at this time and, worse, there are some scams around involving the pair.  He also asked at the hostel if he could pay his bill using PayPal and transfer some extra money that they might be able to give him in cash - but apparently it's not possible. 
20139	Losing everything - ways get money for an emergency	This post is halfway related to How does one recover from a (personal) disaster while abroad, travel-wise?  Imagine that you lose everything that you got (money, cell-phone, IDs) while abroad. I know I should have two forms of ID, not carry all the money in one pocket and stuff like that. But even then, stuff could happen. I'm into outdoor sports and sometimes extreme cases are not avoidable. Anyway. The only option I can think of is going to a consulate (I'm aware that they don't care much for people abroad in such conditions) and asking for some additional ID, then trying to find free WIFI and contacting someone back home to send me money through Western Union.   What are the other backup plans? I wish I could obtain money just with a password from an ATM or Western Union. Or even better, I wish I could deposit an envelope with some form of ID and pocket money and get it through expedited delivery from UPS at a business location. 
20171	How to prevent the passenger in front of you from reclining without notice?	I can totally understand someone reclining his seat on a long-distance flight. On a short hop, I don’t have any sympathy for anyone using his “right” to recline his seat. The seat pitch on short flights these days make you an anti-social person by default if you choose to recline. I had my share of not being able to even drink a cup of coffee because somebody just wanted to “rest”.  I usually try to reposition my legs as much as possible, not only because I have to, but also to try to make the journey as unpleasant for the rester as it is for me. I’m aware that is just childish behaviour, so I am wondering whether there are more effective and more civilized countermeasures to make the flight pleasant for both of us. 
20188	Meeting other people while traveling	I tried searching on here, but didn't find any questions on this. How does one meet people while traveling alone? I would understand meeting people in a hostel (assuming they spoke the same language) and grabbing food with them, but if I'm traveling in the off-season, this may not always be possible.  This is sort of silly, but to be honest, I find eating by oneself terribly awkward. Sure, in a nice quiet cafe, while I'm reading a book, it's fine. But if I'm getting food at a German beer garden, eating alone would be quite odd. Youtube videos and guidebooks seem to always advise to meet locals or other travelers, but even if I did speak the local language, isn't it strange to ask to just join a random group of friends? It's reminiscent  those tv shows where the quiet kid asks around the cafeteria if he/she can sit with a group of friends.  This is just one particular example, but my intention is to have the question about more broad or general situations.   (Note that this question is about people visiting somewhere as a traveller, there's a related question on the Expatriates SE site about meeting people when you're a new expat/resident in a city) 
20199	Exchanging Dollars for Yuan	I'm heading to China next month. Any tips for exchanging dollars for yuan? Will I be able to use credit card to get yuan at an ATM? 
20204	What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?	During my stay in the United States, I accumulated books and papers. Books and papers can be pretty heavy so it may be very expensive to bring them by plane. For example for half cubic meter of books, I wonder if there is another way. If time is not a matter what is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France? 
20227	Routing considerations for a commercial flight from Brisbane to Vietnam	There are no direct commercial flights from Brisbane to Vietnam.    It seems like connecting through Singapore is the most common routing.   However, there are other routes.   Any suggestions? What are the considerations for common, reasonable routes? 
20227	Routing considerations for a commercial flight from Brisbane to Vietnam	There are no direct commercial flights from Brisbane to Vietnam.    It seems like connecting through Singapore is the most common routing.   However, there are other routes.   Any suggestions? What are the considerations for common, reasonable routes? 
20227	Routing considerations for a commercial flight from Brisbane to Vietnam	There are no direct commercial flights from Brisbane to Vietnam.    It seems like connecting through Singapore is the most common routing.   However, there are other routes.   Any suggestions? What are the considerations for common, reasonable routes? 
20234	Documentation for one parent traveling with infant, Australia to Japan	My wife may soon have to travel from Australia to Japan solo with our child, probably on Qantas or JAL.  She has a Japanese passport in her own last name, our son has an Australian one with mine.  We're resident in Australia and happily married, no custody disputes or other unpleasantness.  I know that some countries/airlines require notarized letters of consent from the other parent for international travel, but I'm having a hard time finding out if Australia takes this approach as well, and if so, whether actual notarization is required.  Any pointers?  I'm fairly sure Japan doesn't care, but on the flip side, Japanese parents are rather notorious for abducting children from overseas, since the country was until this year not a Hague signatory.  And yes, I've seen this question, but fortunately the US is not involved in her itinerary... 
20241	First time in Barcelona: affordable places to eat for a student	I will be arriving in Barcelona on the 13th of September and I will be staying together with my girlfriend for 6 nights.   Although I have a job, as students the budget is, let's say, a little limited. The hotel and the flight were already pretty expensive, so we would like to know if there are some places where we could eat a good lunch at an affordable price (10 euros, let's say).  First we will stay in El Guinardo neighborhood, and afterwards in La Vall D'Hebron. Nevertheless, the recommended places to eat can also be in nearby neighborhoods of the previously-mentioned ones or somewhere as "downtown" as possible.  If you think I can easily find affordable places to eat by just exploring the city, that also works for me.  I hope I don't sound cheap. 
20257	International to US Domestic transfer baggage fees	I'm aware of this question and answers to it.  Baggage allowance of separate domestic flights with a connecting international flight?  My question is more specific. My wife has a flight to LAX (on Emirates). I want to get her another flight to San Francisco. Note that the domestic flight is being bought separately. What are the options for not paying baggage fees other than flying Southwest? She will have 2 checked bags. 
20268	Airport security compatible container for small amounts of alcoholic spirits (drinks)?	When travelling, I tend to find that the alcoholic spirits I like either aren't available, or are charged at some ridiculous markup that makes them unaffordable.   For a long trip, my usual solution is to pick up a bottle of something suitable from Duty Free on my way out, and pack what's left carefully in my suitcase for the return journey.  For a short trip, that approach presents two problems. Firstly, I wouldn't put much of a dent in a whole bottle, so I'd gradually accumulate 3/4 full bottles at home! Secondly, I often do short trips with hand luggage only, so I don't have a checked suitcase to put the bottle into.  I briefly tried finding "miniatures" (5cl bottles), and then later refilling, but generally the cap stops sealing properly after a few refils. Since these aren't that cheap to start with, to only get a few trips before they begin leaking means they're not a long term option.  Does anyone know of any good resealable / refillable containers, which can be taken through airport security, aren't too bulky, and are suitable for holding something like 5-20cl of alcoholic spirits (40%-ish)? 
20252	Are there subcategories of seats even within economy class?	Recently I had to travel by Singapore Airlines (Economy class). But when I tried to change the return date of my ticket, customer care office informed me that there are no more seats in my class for the expected date. They ask me to pay some extra few dollars to book the seat on the day I need. Then I  asked him what is the new class my seat is under. He said it is also Economy class. I was surprised, he explained me a long description. But as summary I understood, there are inner categories of seats inside economy class and, air ticket price change according to particular category.  Is this true or are they cheating me to get few more dollars? 
20252	Are there subcategories of seats even within economy class?	Recently I had to travel by Singapore Airlines (Economy class). But when I tried to change the return date of my ticket, customer care office informed me that there are no more seats in my class for the expected date. They ask me to pay some extra few dollars to book the seat on the day I need. Then I  asked him what is the new class my seat is under. He said it is also Economy class. I was surprised, he explained me a long description. But as summary I understood, there are inner categories of seats inside economy class and, air ticket price change according to particular category.  Is this true or are they cheating me to get few more dollars? 
20290	Is there any smart tip to choose seats on aeroplane?	I'm looking for a smart and absolute way to choose seats on aeroplane. For this question, there is some restrictions as:   The seat cannot be far from both toilet and kitchen. The noise from turbines must be avoided. The class must be economy. A seat near an exit door is to be preferred. The model of aeroplane is generic (The tip should be generally enough to work for most planes: Boeing 777, 737, etc.)   Is there any trick to choose my seats better when buying a ticket? 
20290	Is there any smart tip to choose seats on aeroplane?	I'm looking for a smart and absolute way to choose seats on aeroplane. For this question, there is some restrictions as:   The seat cannot be far from both toilet and kitchen. The noise from turbines must be avoided. The class must be economy. A seat near an exit door is to be preferred. The model of aeroplane is generic (The tip should be generally enough to work for most planes: Boeing 777, 737, etc.)   Is there any trick to choose my seats better when buying a ticket? 
20297	Will it be ok to pick up a car rental from Atlanta and travel through other states and return it to Florida?	i hope to travel from Atlanta and will travelling through a couple of states and ending up in Florida. So will car rental companies allow this and will it be extra charges too? 
20281	Working out the best European country to post a parcel from to Australasia?	At some point in the next 6 weeks, I need to post a parcel to Australia. In that time, I think I'll be visiting 5 different European countries, and probably within a short bus ride of another 2! That gives rather a large number of options for posting.  One option is to spend quite a bit of time with google translate, trying to make sense of the various postal service websites, and hope that I can get a sensible + accurate price out of each of them. Another is to take the parcel with me each time, and visit the post office in each country, but that does have a big downside when I discover that 2 weeks and 3 countries ago was the cheapest...  Are there any websites (maybe EU ones?) that provide a comparison of postage costs for different European countries? And/or are there general guides to which EU countries have cheaper and which more expensive overseas posting? (I suspect I'm not the first, nor the last person wanting to post something to that bit of the world from the cheapest point on their European travels!) 
20290	Is there any smart tip to choose seats on aeroplane?	I'm looking for a smart and absolute way to choose seats on aeroplane. For this question, there is some restrictions as:   The seat cannot be far from both toilet and kitchen. The noise from turbines must be avoided. The class must be economy. A seat near an exit door is to be preferred. The model of aeroplane is generic (The tip should be generally enough to work for most planes: Boeing 777, 737, etc.)   Is there any trick to choose my seats better when buying a ticket? 
20313	Is the visa-free entry to Schengen region multiple entry or single entry?	I entered Germany in June, it was a visa-free entry (because I have an Australian passport) and I stayed 66 days before exiting to UK.  Can I now return to France and stay 24 more days, or do I need to wait until the 6 month period is finished and 90 days resets?  I'm not sure whether I am entitled to multiple entry or single entry, because of the Visa waiver for Australians all I have is the date and stamp on my passport from Frankfurt.   
20311	Leaving Schengen region to reset 90 days	I have a friend who claims that you can leave the Schengen area for 1 night, and re-enter, to reset your 90 days.  For example, an Australian could enter Europe and then go for a couple of nights holiday to Morocco, Andorra, or London (any place outside of Schengen), and then return to Paris and have the passport stamped for another 90 days stay in Europe.  They swear by this and claim they know guys doing it for years.  My understanding, which admittedly is just from reading online and not real-world experience, was that we could only spend 90 days out of any 180 days in the Schengen region.    I've also heard other people say, no, you can't do that and if you are caught overstaying then you can be banned from re-entering schengen region for 5 years.  But, I've heard similar stories from several other people about leaving for 1 night making me think there is something to this story even if it's a loophole or a legal grey area (e.g. maybe the person checking at the border when you re-enter has to actually notice a previous stamp in your passport?)  So what are the real rules and facts about tourists staying in the Schengen region on these visa waiver agreements? 
20337	One way ticket to Seoul with Canadian Passport?	I am planning on just traveling to many different places, I know that I'm allowed to stay in certain places for as long as 3 months, but would they allow me to stay in Seoul for 3 months, without a flight returning home?   The thing is that I'm not sure if I will be going straight back to Canada (most likely not) after my visit in Korea or continue onwards to other places.  
20334	Is travelling as an international courier still a possibility for cheap air travel?	Many years ago when I first started travelling, one of the tips you heard for a great way to get cheap international air tickets was to travel as a courier carrying items for specialized courier companies.  I don't think these were companies like DHL or FedEx but I think they were proper companies complying with all relevant regulations and were not regarded as something sketchy or dodgy.  The idea was that you carried personally on the plane something fragile or important to be delivered in the other country. This counted as part of your on-board luggage so you couldn't bring anything or could bring less on board of your own stuff. I'm not sure if checked luggage was also ever used. In return you got a free ticket or a ticket at greatly reduced cost.  But now I haven't heard of this travel option for years. Did it disappear due to changing rules after international terrorism? Or does it still exist? Does it only exist in some places? 
20319	Hand Truck for Air Travel	I am planning to take a pair of 24 gallon Rubbermaid action packers as luggage on an airplane.  I would also like to take a hand truck to carry them on before and after checking the action packers.    What kind of hand truck would  1) carry them both,  and 2) collapse small enough to fit inside of the action packer? Where should I look and how can I make sure a product will fit? 
20351	Oyster charges for multiple routes between two places	As I understand Oyster cards, you swipe them on the station you enter, and the station you leave (for simplicity's sake, I'm only considering the Underground). As in you don't swipe them when changing underground lines (maybe you do on some stations though?).  So if there is a variety of ways you could have gotten between A and B and one is more expensive, what are you charged?  (I've heard something about pink validators?) 
20337	One way ticket to Seoul with Canadian Passport?	I am planning on just traveling to many different places, I know that I'm allowed to stay in certain places for as long as 3 months, but would they allow me to stay in Seoul for 3 months, without a flight returning home?   The thing is that I'm not sure if I will be going straight back to Canada (most likely not) after my visit in Korea or continue onwards to other places.  
20332	Arrivals forms or customs agents may ask if you packed your own bags. Must I pack them myself or is it OK to answer in the negative to this question?	When arriving in some countries you must fill out an arrival form at customs and immigration. You may also be asked some questions by customs agents.  In some countries one question is whether or not you packed your own bags.   Must everybody always answer "yes" to this question. Do I have to pack all of my own stuff? Is it illegal to carry anything somebody else packed? Or is it OK to say "no" about items I didn't pack and then those items get handled by a separate procedure?   I'm asking this generically rather than about a single country on purpose. If you can provide evidence that at least two countries behave differently then give that as an answer and I will ask a new question about one specific country.    As an epilogue, I was partly wondering in the case of if you were travelling as an air courier, but then I realized I didn't even know if that existed anymore so I asked two independent questions. 
20384	Quebec, responding to French in English: faux pas?	I'm currently visiting Montreal. In almost every store or restaurant I go to, I'm greeted with "bonjour!" I know just a little French and I could probably get by with a simple transaction, but then I would be lost if anything more nuanced was required. So I usually respond with "hello" and continue in English. Is this OK or is it a faux pas? Would it be more appropriate to start off with "parlez-vous anglais", or is it assumed that most people are bilingual? What about Quebec City — is it more frowned upon there? I really don't want to exude the "arrogant American tourist" vibe!  UPDATE:  Tried speaking French as much as possible, resorting to "je suis desolé, je ne parle pas très bien français" whenever I ran into a phrase I couldn't understand. Pretty much everyone I met spoke English to varying degrees, and nobody gave me  a hard time. One person even complimented me on my French accent — apparently it was convincing! The only problem is that now I'm compelled to start speaking in French whenever I go into a restaurant in the US. :) 
20373	What if I don't take my last transfer at British Airways	The usual return ticket path is: AMS - LHR - ICN and back: ICN - LHR - AMS  However now I'd like to do this: AMS - LHR - ICN ICN - LHR, done  That way I'll end up in the UK and can take a RyanAir flight to my actual destination in Europe.  I don't believe it's possible to book these "sorta-return" tickets, but booking return would still be cheaper. I don't know why airlines can't book flexibly, but whatever.  What'll happen if I not take my last transfer? What will BA do? What will the border guards do? 
20399	How can I avoid or minimise haggling without causing offence?	I'm visiting Dubai soon (although I'm happy to keep the scope of this question wider), where I think haggling is a standard expected part of buying many goods (in my case, probably mostly souvenirs). I don't really enjoy haggling (many reasons, but as the top-rated answer here says, it's tiring) and would prefer to often accept the first price offered.  So: how can I avoid or minimise haggling in shops, bazaars, markets, malls, etc. without causing offence or upsetting anyone there? If I'm happy with the first price offered, and accept it, will people get upset?  How will the expectations around haggling vary depending on what I'm buying and where?   (Note: I'm trying to avoid getting into a debate about whether haggling is "good" or "bad" - I know one could argue it's part of the local cultural landscape that's worth participating in - let's say I'm consciously choosing to avoid it).  (this question is related to this one, but I think the objective is a little different :) 
20402	How do you find quiet and well-equipped places to work in cities when travelling?	Sometimes, on business trips, I might be going to a meeting with customer for half the day, say. If my flight is not till the evening, I may want to find a quiet place to work on my laptop for several hours. I often tend to head for coffee shops, which have the advantage of coffee (!), but the following disadvantages:   They are often not even slightly quiet - noisy coffee machines, other people talking, etc. I feel a moral obligation (even if it's partly in my head!) to keep buying coffee, pastries, etc., which isn't good for the waistline or wallet. Some may not have good or any wifi, and it may be hard to find a power socket.   Assuming that I'm doing this on a budget (claiming back temporary office space such as Regus is a non-starter), what other typical alternatives exist for finding quiet, comfortable, ideally free or cheap working space in a city for a few hours? 
20422	Is it possible to travel the route Kamchatka-Kurils-Hokkaido alone at the end of Sept-Oct?	I would like to travel, alone, Kamchatka-Kurils-Hokkaido at the end of Sept-Oct. I speak Russian and have done quite some extreme travels before. Most of the sites refer to the non-Hokkaido route:   Vladivostok-main land Japan; Sakhalin to Wakanai (Hokkaido).   They indicate that the ferries stop sometime late summer.   Is the route from Kamchatka to Japan via Kuril islands possible? There should be occasional ferries/fishing boats from Kamchatka to Severo-Kurisk, other Kuril islands all the way to the Yuzhno-Kurilsk and then to Japan. I was in Shiretoko in the winter and saw that many Russians come there somehow. But how, is it only during the summer? 
20438	How to find a co-working space in Lille as a tourist?	In a few weeks time, I'm hopefully going to be spending a few days in and around Lille, some working, some holiday. For the working part, I'd need somewhere to go in the day, ideally some sort of co-working space or similar.   In Paris, there's an excellent co-working space La Cantine (as mentioned in this question). Regus have an office by the station which includes a business lounge, which in theory ought to be all I need. Unfortunately, the time I tried going there, it was very noisy with lots of people having meetings there (which I've not really found elsewhere), and the wifi was so bad you longed for when an IDBus would park outside so you could use theirs...  Are there any good co-working spaces that'd welcome a visiting tourist for half a day or a day? (Googling found places with a 1+week minimum commitment, which aren't really suitable for me as a tourist just wanting something like half a day or a day). Or failing that, are there any good places (cafes/libraries/etc) I could look at going to? 
20438	How to find a co-working space in Lille as a tourist?	In a few weeks time, I'm hopefully going to be spending a few days in and around Lille, some working, some holiday. For the working part, I'd need somewhere to go in the day, ideally some sort of co-working space or similar.   In Paris, there's an excellent co-working space La Cantine (as mentioned in this question). Regus have an office by the station which includes a business lounge, which in theory ought to be all I need. Unfortunately, the time I tried going there, it was very noisy with lots of people having meetings there (which I've not really found elsewhere), and the wifi was so bad you longed for when an IDBus would park outside so you could use theirs...  Are there any good co-working spaces that'd welcome a visiting tourist for half a day or a day? (Googling found places with a 1+week minimum commitment, which aren't really suitable for me as a tourist just wanting something like half a day or a day). Or failing that, are there any good places (cafes/libraries/etc) I could look at going to? 
20438	How to find a co-working space in Lille as a tourist?	In a few weeks time, I'm hopefully going to be spending a few days in and around Lille, some working, some holiday. For the working part, I'd need somewhere to go in the day, ideally some sort of co-working space or similar.   In Paris, there's an excellent co-working space La Cantine (as mentioned in this question). Regus have an office by the station which includes a business lounge, which in theory ought to be all I need. Unfortunately, the time I tried going there, it was very noisy with lots of people having meetings there (which I've not really found elsewhere), and the wifi was so bad you longed for when an IDBus would park outside so you could use theirs...  Are there any good co-working spaces that'd welcome a visiting tourist for half a day or a day? (Googling found places with a 1+week minimum commitment, which aren't really suitable for me as a tourist just wanting something like half a day or a day). Or failing that, are there any good places (cafes/libraries/etc) I could look at going to? 
20444	Transit through Stockholm (Schengen) from Beijing to Ukraine?	I have residence ID in Ukraine (out of Schengen) and I want to travel from Beijing airport.    My flight has 6 hours connection in Stockholm.  Do I need a (transit) visa? 
20444	Transit through Stockholm (Schengen) from Beijing to Ukraine?	I have residence ID in Ukraine (out of Schengen) and I want to travel from Beijing airport.    My flight has 6 hours connection in Stockholm.  Do I need a (transit) visa? 
20444	Transit through Stockholm (Schengen) from Beijing to Ukraine?	I have residence ID in Ukraine (out of Schengen) and I want to travel from Beijing airport.    My flight has 6 hours connection in Stockholm.  Do I need a (transit) visa? 
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
20456	Chance of getting UK visitor visa without booking flights for application?	THE LINK ABOVE IS FOR A QUESTION I HAVE NOT ASKED - MY QUESTION REMAINS UNANSWERED  Can anyone let me know if they have experience of someone who has applied for a UK visitor's visa and had EVERYTHING in their application except flight bookings? Refused or accepted - anything at all.   My boyfriend has just applied for a UK visitor visa for a two week period and has proved ties in his country, proof of employment and holiday time, proof of theatre and excursion ticket bookings in the UK, train journey tickets in the UK, proof of address, his bank statements, proof of acommodation, two letters of invitation etc; just not booked flights.   So has anyone applied like this and been accepted or refused or do you know someone who has?  I'm asking to plan for if the application is refused based on flights not being booked.  Thank you in advance :)  Addendum: Thank you for the response - the question is does anyone have experience of a visa application being made without any flight information and if the application was refused on basis of lack of flight information or they had everything else and it was accepted. The question is not how do I book a flight without paying for the purpose of application or what do I need to put in the application, apologies if that was unclear.  If there is an answer to this question, I have not found it in 45 minutes of searching, sorry if I have missed it! If no one has an answer, that's fine, however putting a link to a question I haven't asked helps no one.  As I said, the application has already been made and I am asking to make a contingency plan if necessary and considering most realistic outcomes by trying to find out if anyone has had a similar experience. Thank you for your responses, they are much appreciated :) 
20446	What happens when an ATM in a country you're travelling through eats your card?	So you're travelling in some exotic land far from home.  You go to withdraw money from a local ATM so you can have some local currency.  But the ATM swallows your card! If you're lucky you might get a useful reason displayed on the screen, but it usually involved contacting your bank far, far away.  Now assume it's not an ATM installed at an actual bank.  What normally happens under such circumstances? Can you get your card back from the ATM or must you get a new one issued from back home? If you can get it back, how long would that normally take?  Now there could be complications:  You can't stick around in this town and you can't contact your bank at home immediately due to time differences with home, being a weekend or public holiday, need to catch a flight, or as it was in my case, I had to cross the border or I would be breaking the terms of my visa.  Please don't submit answers on how to get money wired etc. For this question I want to focus on getting the same card or a new card. 
20467	Transit visa for Narita	My girlfriend and I are travelling to the Philippines in November of this year 2013. We fly with Air Canada to Narita Tokyo from there we fly with ANA airlines to Manilla. We have a 2:20 minute layover. I have a Canadian passport and she has a passport from the Philippines. When we return, we fly with Jetstar from Manilla to Tokyo where we have a 4:50 minute layover then fly with Air Canada to Toronto. My question is " Do we need transit visa's for Narita? And if we have to leave the terminal to catch our connecting flight in another terminal do we need a visa in that case. 
20461	Will name change affect Brazilian visa (or passport in general)?	I recently got married. My wife, who will be changing her last name soon, has a Brazilian visa in her American passport from when she went in 2011 and I am under the impression that the visa is good for the duration of the passport (which doesn't expire until like 2019 or so).  I'm wondering if she changes her name, will that cause her to have to get a new passport and lose the visa? We are considering going to the World Cup next year, partially because she already has the visa anyway, so I want to make sure we don't screw up anything and lose it just because of a stupid name change. 
20495	Day trip or weekend trip from Vientiane, Laos?	I'm looking for somewhere for a day trip or weekend trip not far from Vientiane, the capital of Laos.  WikiVoyage doesn't offer anything specifically as it does for many other cities.  The obvious place would be Vang Vieng, but that's a party place for 20-year-old backpackers and I'm now middle aged and I work in a backpacker hostel at home so keen to avoid that stuff.  Luang Prabang looks great but that deserves more time and is a bit far away when you take into account the travel times in Laos.  I know questions of this nature are only accepted on travel.SE if they are specific so here's my requirements:   Within a few hours travel from Vientiane. Not just for partying kids. Must have a cheap place to stay, preferably not more than USD $10. Relaxing and laid back. Any Lao cultural stuff going on or local cuisines a plus. A safe place to swim would be a big plus. Off the beaten track or not - I'm not bothered whether or not other tourists go.   If it's relevant I want to hitchhike there and back so no tours, stay about two days, and I have a tent and sleeping bag (though I don't know if it's legal for me to use those!) 
20494	Is sleeping outside really illegal in Laos? If so does that mean no camping too?	In the HitchWiki entry for Laos it says:     It is illegal to sleep outside in Laos. If you are caught, you will be fined. [source required]   As you can see nothing is offered to indicate the veracity of this claim and the WikiVoyage article has nothing to say on the matter. So is it true?  If it is true what does it actually cover? Sleeping on the streets in cities? Sleeping anywhere in the open? Wild camping? Are there even campsites? 
18538	Where in Southeast Asia is free camping permitted?	I've been inspired by the success of my old question "Where in the Balkans is free camping permitted?" and soon to embark on a similar kind of trip in a very different part of the world.  Do any of the following countries in Southeast Asia allow free camping in the countryside, or maybe limited to certain areas such as beaches or mountains?   Singapore Malaysia Thailand Laos   I'm planning to fly into Singapore and start hitchhiking toward China. 
18299	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa?	I am Egyptian citizen holding a single entry visa to Spain , travelling in 1 July but i will have 1 day transit in Swiss airport , so do i need a visa to enter Switzerland ?  
17137	Visit Brisbane during a layover	I'm flying with Virgin Australia from Port Moresby to Singapore in 2 days. On the way back, I will have a layover of 6.30 hours in Brisbane International Airport. Will I have time to leave the airport (BNE) and visit the city of Brisbane? I already have a transit visa 771, to allow me to enter Australia. 
20519	Overnight train: London to Berlin	I can't find any overnight trains from London to Berlin. Only ones that have a bunch of connections, which would mean I would have to travel during the day. Is this actually the case? 
20527	Do l need a transit visa for Turkey?	I am a Cuban citizen flying from Cuba to Africa. I am changes planes at Istanbul Airport, with about 10 hours wait before going to Zimbabwe in Africa. My issue is I am using 2 non aligned airlines, Aeroflot from Cuba to Istabnul then Egypt Air from Istanbul to Zimbabwe, Africa. I do not want to leave the airport. Do I need a transit visa, since I have to collect my bags and check in again for the other airline? 
20546	Can Eurail pass be used for City Nightline overnight trains?	In this question, Mark Mayo's answer (see "Option 1") includes a City Nightline overnight train. Can any portion of that trip be covered by a Eurail pass?  For reference, the whole trip is:     Eurostar &amp; City Night Line sleeper train: Hop on a mid-afternoon Eurostar from London to Paris and take the excellent City Night Line sleeper train from Paris to Berlin arriving next morning.  
20539	Miles and more - unawarded miles in Y class	I have flown Turkish Airlines Istanbul-Kuala Lumpur and Singapore-Istanbul. I asked for Miles and More mileage and the Singapore-Istanbul flight is excluded from mileage awards, since I have booked in Economy class Y. Couldn't find any proof of that on the website. Has this happened to anyone else before? 
20495	Day trip or weekend trip from Vientiane, Laos?	I'm looking for somewhere for a day trip or weekend trip not far from Vientiane, the capital of Laos.  WikiVoyage doesn't offer anything specifically as it does for many other cities.  The obvious place would be Vang Vieng, but that's a party place for 20-year-old backpackers and I'm now middle aged and I work in a backpacker hostel at home so keen to avoid that stuff.  Luang Prabang looks great but that deserves more time and is a bit far away when you take into account the travel times in Laos.  I know questions of this nature are only accepted on travel.SE if they are specific so here's my requirements:   Within a few hours travel from Vientiane. Not just for partying kids. Must have a cheap place to stay, preferably not more than USD $10. Relaxing and laid back. Any Lao cultural stuff going on or local cuisines a plus. A safe place to swim would be a big plus. Off the beaten track or not - I'm not bothered whether or not other tourists go.   If it's relevant I want to hitchhike there and back so no tours, stay about two days, and I have a tent and sleeping bag (though I don't know if it's legal for me to use those!) 
20558	Are there any guest houses close to the Buddha Park in Vientiane, Laos?	In a recent question I was looking for day trips or weekend trips near Vientiane.  One of the very good answers was the Buddha Park (Wat Xieng Khuan), which is about 25 km from Vientiane.    Now one of the reasons for a day or weekend trip is to get away from the "big" city and relax somewhere quiet for a day or two.  So far I haven't been able to locate any guest house, hostel, or other cheap accommodation near the Buddha Park and not near Vientiane itself. I don't mind places that don't specifically cater to foreigners or tourists. Just somewhere to sleep away from insects, shower in the morning, and laze in the shade reading a book.  Preferably strolling distance to the Buddha Park but a tuk tuk ride is OK.  (Please don't answer saying "Why not just take the bus from Vientiane because it's so cheap" - that's not my question.) 
4143	Why do you need to take out your laptop from your bag during airport security checks?	Why do you need to take your laptop from your bag during airport security checks? Why can't they just x-ray check the whole bag together with the laptop? 
20579	Single-entry visa with multiple trips in short time	I have a single entry visa to visit Belgium in late October (2 nights). I applied for multiple entry through Belgium, but I only received a single entry.  I also have a ticket booked for a trip to France in mid-November (also 2 nights).  How can I obtain a visa for my France trip?  More info: I didn't know I cannot have a new visa while having unused Schengen visa, so now I have appointment to issue French visa too, for this Friday. What should be my course of action? 
20580	Why does an airline include "seamen" in its list of special requests?	I was trying to book my ticket on-line with PIA when under the special request section I saw the request for a "seaman". What would be your best guess as to what this service entails?    This site really needs more tags :p 
20595	Safety tips when carrying a large sum of money	I made the mistake of exchanging a large sum of money before my trip to Europe. I'm not sure what I was thinking because I know it's not the best idea to carry a lot of cash while traveling. What precautions should I take considering my current actions? When I arrive I assume I'll just go straight to the apartment I'm renting and keep my excess cash there. What do you think? Any other safety tips when carrying cash? 
20579	Single-entry visa with multiple trips in short time	I have a single entry visa to visit Belgium in late October (2 nights). I applied for multiple entry through Belgium, but I only received a single entry.  I also have a ticket booked for a trip to France in mid-November (also 2 nights).  How can I obtain a visa for my France trip?  More info: I didn't know I cannot have a new visa while having unused Schengen visa, so now I have appointment to issue French visa too, for this Friday. What should be my course of action? 
16374	Traveling from Thailand to Laos to Vietnam	This summer I'm planning to go to Thailand, Laos and then through to Vietnam. I know very little about this. I was wondering if somebody would be able to tell me if this could be done comfortably and affordably in 3 1/2  weeks. I would appreciate it if they could also give me some ideas about the route.  I am flying from the UK to Thailand where I hope to get the rest of the way by ground. I am really interested in visiting Vaing Vieng and Luang Probang and then take the Mekong river and visit Hoi An, Nah Trang and Ho Chi Minh City. I know little about South East Asia and would really appreciate some help. 
8300	Travel from Thailand to Vietnam through Laos - good idea?	I'm trying to plan a trip route which include traveling from north Thailand to Vietnam. Since I don't have a strict time limitation, I thought that maybe instead of taking a flight I could travel by land through Laos. Now I'd like to ask if someone already done such trip? How much time such a route could take? What are the available transportations options? Is it safe?  Currently what I had in mind (according to some internet research), is to travel from Chiang Mai to Vientiane via Friendship Bridge (As I understood this is a Thanaleng crossing) and then continue to Luang Prabang. I've found few posts regarding the available routes from Luang Prabang to Vietnam here and here. So I guess I'll just have to choose one of them and hope that I'll be able to make all the arrangements when I'm there.   Any other tips\ideas are more than welcome. 
529	Is it possible to go directly from Siem Reap to Vientiane over land?	I'm planning on going to Vietiane in Laos, but I wanted to cross over land from Cambodia. Are there direct bus connections from Siem Reap to Vientiane, and if so, how long does the journey take? I have heard conflicting reports - some say yes, some say there's no way around it but to double back to Phnom Penh and catch a bus from there to Vientiane, which doesn't make sense at all to me. Or, if not a direct bus from Siem Reap, then is it possible to get to Stung Treng checkpoint by local bus, then connect to Vientiane from there? (If not bus, boats / ferries are acceptable too.)  I have also heard that even though the official Lao immigration site says visa-on-arrival is available at land border checkpoints, they have stopped issuing them at Stung Treng and require visitors to get a visa beforehand. Is that true? 
20604	Is it legal to look for work in the US while on a B1/B2 (Business Visitor) visa?	I have got 10-year multiple entry US VISA on my Indian passport. I got it to attend a technical conference.    I was curious to know if I give job interview during this visit? I may not have time in this visit, but what if I go after couple of months with $3000 of my saving to sustain for a month and look for job. Is this legal?    I know I need H1-B VISA to work there, but I feel it is easier to get job (even if sponsorship is needed) to be face2face with potential employers. So, is it legal to look for job with B1/B2 ? Can I mention that to immigration officer?  PS: Yes, I'm Software Developer :P 
20607	Alaska, from Anchorage to Fairbank, car/hotel vs MotorHome	I would love to travel to Alaska, the flight tickets are already expensive, and the hotel I think those prices are like too high for being Alaska, so came to my mind the option to rent a motorhome, is that a good Idea??, I would travel Alone, I just want to drive trough Alaska and see the landscapes around.  I also thinking that's probably that the motorhome could be too big to go everywhere as a car do. So, should I stay with the hotel and rent a car? or should I rent the motorhome? 
2157	Can you search for a job when using a tourist visa (B-2) in the US	If I am visiting the US with a tourist visa, can I look for a job in the US? 
20604	Is it legal to look for work in the US while on a B1/B2 (Business Visitor) visa?	I have got 10-year multiple entry US VISA on my Indian passport. I got it to attend a technical conference.    I was curious to know if I give job interview during this visit? I may not have time in this visit, but what if I go after couple of months with $3000 of my saving to sustain for a month and look for job. Is this legal?    I know I need H1-B VISA to work there, but I feel it is easier to get job (even if sponsorship is needed) to be face2face with potential employers. So, is it legal to look for job with B1/B2 ? Can I mention that to immigration officer?  PS: Yes, I'm Software Developer :P 
20614	Is it permitted to look for a job while visiting the US under the Visa Waiver Program?	 We already have a question on whether you can attend a job interview or look for work while in the US on a tourist visa. (Actually it's unresolved with two possibly conflicting answers and no solid reference). And we have a more recent question asking about looking for work while on a business visitor visa. (Currently on hold as a duplicate of the former but maybe it's different).   But what about for people who don't require a visa to enter the US but can visit on the Visa Waiver Program? Are such people allowed to job hunt in America? 
20614	Is it permitted to look for a job while visiting the US under the Visa Waiver Program?	 We already have a question on whether you can attend a job interview or look for work while in the US on a tourist visa. (Actually it's unresolved with two possibly conflicting answers and no solid reference). And we have a more recent question asking about looking for work while on a business visitor visa. (Currently on hold as a duplicate of the former but maybe it's different).   But what about for people who don't require a visa to enter the US but can visit on the Visa Waiver Program? Are such people allowed to job hunt in America? 
20606	Is there a certain length of time in which you are allowed to travel with the Schengen area? Or Is at each countries discretion?	I'm from Canada. In most countries I can stay for up to three months without needing a visa. I was reading information about the Schengen agreement and how it essentially eliminates borders between all participating countries.  Is it at each country's discretion? 
20620	Red triangle, yellow jackets, etc. for rental cars in France	Our rental car in France does not have the items required by law, such as a florescent jacket and a red triangle. Should the car rental company provide these items? 
20625	What is the use of all these towels?	I stayed at hotels in different places, and each hotel provides different set of towels. But sometimes I don't know what is the purpose of each towel!  For example, attached two photos from a en-suite-bathroom in a businesses-European hotel, with 4 different towels.  I think that 1 is to use after shower (large towel) and 3 is used after washing hands. But what is 2 and 4 used for?! 
20639	How to hide your bodily odors after a long flight?	Of course I could fly first class on an airline that provide on-board showers. Since I lack the funds, that is not an option for me.   The scenario is as follows:  Your plane leaves in the evening. During the day you just enjoy the city, but it appears to be just a bit more sunny than you expected. Since you already checked out from your hotel, you are not able to take a shower before heading for the airport. At the airport, the showers are unavailable due to technicalities. You then buy some tax-free aftershave to freshen up. You then have a 12 hour flight, after which  you have to transfer between terminals in a packed bus while it is 30 degrees Celsius. When you board your connecting flight, you realize that a cocktail of 24 hours of dried sweat and 12 hours dried aftershave just do not add up and that the people sitting next to you on the connecting flight are going to have a very uncomfortable flight.   Is there anything you can do to prevent this awkward situation?  
5106	What do you do when you're on-the-road and you cannot shower?	Let's say you're backpacking and you're staying at a super-cheap hostel. Either because you have a lot planned for the day or you're catching long distance bus / train, you've to get up really early in the morning. The showers either don't have hot water or it doesn't work. It's cold and you really don't want to stand under a stream of freezing cold water.  Not really a hypothetical scenario because I've been there, done that, got the t-shirt. So what's your travel tip for when you're travelling and find no place to shower? 
20666	Schengen transit visa for a Sri Lankan	Does a Sri Lankan national who holds a valid US visa need an airport transit visa to transit through an airport in Italy? 
20666	Schengen transit visa for a Sri Lankan	Does a Sri Lankan national who holds a valid US visa need an airport transit visa to transit through an airport in Italy? 
20695	Travelling to Canada after 90 days in USA	I am doing a ski season in Lake Tahoe (not working), or at least 90 days of it. I then want to fly to Canada for a few weeks to visit friends before flying home to Australia.  I am an Australian citizen, who will be entering USA on the VWP. My question is, if my return flight to Australia is out of Canada, how long can i spend in Canada, if I've already spent 90 days in America? 
20696	Preventing theft in Western Europe	I'm going to Europe in a few days and I will be going on a cruise that goes to a few different countries including Spain, Monaco, Italy, and Croatia. I've been hearing a lot of bad stories from people about how they got robbed and how "clever" they are.  It is scary hearing about all this and it makes me wonder what can I do so I don't get robbed? Are they any experienced travelers that can suggest what I can do (such as what should I bring when we are touring, the best place to hide your valuables, etc)?  I think the last thing anyone wants is their vacation ruined because they were robbed.  
20708	Clearing Customs and skipping connecting flight at ORD?	I am coming back from Munich, connecting through ORD and onto Moline, IA. We have a 6 hour layover in Chicago but the drive to Moline is only 2. My question is this: After I clear immigrations and customs at ORD am I able to just leave the airport, rent a car and drive home? I have been told by some people you can do this and others have told me that if the customs agent sees that your bag tag reflects a connecting flight that they will make sure your bags get re-checked. Anyone know which is correct? 
20726	Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?	Is there a site such as kayak, but for hostels instead? There's so many different hostel booking websites, I don't even know where to start.  If there isn't such a site, what is the recommended course of action on finding and booking the most suitable hostel? (Suitable to mean what's needed for one's own needs.)  
20726	Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?	Is there a site such as kayak, but for hostels instead? There's so many different hostel booking websites, I don't even know where to start.  If there isn't such a site, what is the recommended course of action on finding and booking the most suitable hostel? (Suitable to mean what's needed for one's own needs.)  
20726	Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?	Is there a site such as kayak, but for hostels instead? There's so many different hostel booking websites, I don't even know where to start.  If there isn't such a site, what is the recommended course of action on finding and booking the most suitable hostel? (Suitable to mean what's needed for one's own needs.)  
20722	Work as freelancer while tourist in US	I work as a freelancer in web development in Germany for German customers. I now want to visit my sister as a tourist for 2 months in the US. She's studying there for a year.  Am I allowed to continue to work on my projects for my German customers while being in the US? I do not want to get new American customers. 
20759	Is there a website that lists the cheapest flights to meet between two cities?	My significant other and I currently live on opposite coasts of the United States. We'd like to meet somewhere for the holidays, but we don't really care where; it can be a small town in the middle of nowhere; we like the idea of it being somewhat random :-)  Initially we saw that http://www.skyscanner.com listed flights by ascending price (without having to enter a destination city), so we were going to meet at the first coinciding airport after searching from each of our origin cities. However, we eventually realized that smaller and less popular destinations were all bunched up at the bottom of the list (among the last pages), requiring us to click "Get prices" in order to get prices&mdash;so they were not included in the sort.  Does anyone have any recommendations (websites or alternative ideas) for accomplishing what we're trying to do? Thanks in advance!  P.S. We do have strict constraints for the dates of travel; so the website doesn't necessarily have to give us any "grid" or other views for flexible dates. We're interested in flexible locations only. 
20772	What are the Phone, Data, and SMS service options for a foreigner in Japan?	I recently arrived in Japan and have been having a very difficult time trying to find a suitable mobile service.  For short stays, SIM and phone rental services are a good option (1,500 JPY/day). I'm here for a few months, so I'm looking for something that's more affordable.  What are my options?  Basic requirements:   =1 GB Data access per month No need for Japan resident card No long term agreement (max 3 months)   Nice to have:   Japan phone number Local voice &amp; SMS capabilities Unlimited data access Fast (25Mbps+) connection speed NanoSIM form factor   I have multiple unlocked devices that I can use, with support for Japanese mobile bands. 
20823	Is a European Union (Slovakia) driver's licence valid in the US?	I'm leaving for US shortly after I get my drivers licence in 2 weeks or so.  I'm wondering if I'll be able to use it in USA. I know about the AAA thing for US drivers licence to be valid in Slovakia, but I'm not sure how it works the other way around. 
20851	What type of visa do you need if you drive to an airport in another country?	So this question:  ROC to TYO - how can I reduce the cost of my flight?  posits what I consider to be an interesting situation. Rochester, NY (USA) is within driving distance of Toronto (Canada), and as Toronto is the much larger city, I would suspect there are many destinations that would make it worth someone's while to use it as a departure point for an international flight.  A transit visa (assuming you needed one) would suffice if you flew from ROC to YVR, and thence onwards - but what if you drove there?  Because you didn't stay in the sanitized area, I doubt you would qualify.  Now, in that particular situation (the US &amp; Canada are effectively borderless for their citizens) and others like it (Schengen area, other US-Canada), there is very little cost beyond the gas.  But, how does this affect the visa you need at your destination?  In other words, what considerations about visas do you need if your flight originates from a country other than the one in which you are a citizen? 
20883	Airplane carry-on allowance and plastic bags	I see some people coming to airplanes with lot of plastic bags, often containing something bought from airport shops. Don't these count towards carry-on baggage allowance? Could I bring more carry-on stuff from home by using plastic bags? 
20886	Airport security checkpoint controlling carry-on luggage amount?	I asked a question about airline carry on allowance: Airplane carry-on allowance and plastic bags  Couple of answers implicate that security checkpoint has some sort of role in controlling baggage allowance, which is surprising to me as I thought it would be airline specific. My question is, how does security checkpoint verify that brought carry-on luggage conforms with airline's carry-on luggage rules.  For simplicity, let's assume a scenario that I come to security checkpoint with 5 plastic bags as my carry-on luggage. What would happen?  I understand this may be a bit silly question, just want to know if security checkpoint has a role in airline carry-on luggage allowance policy enforcement. 
20890	Staying in in London Heathrow Airport overnight?	FIRST TIME TRAVELER Traveling from Phoenix AZ  London  Barcelona Spain. In London there is a 17.5 over night layover.  I am planning on using this time to explore the city.  Can you stay in the airport over night? Or would it be better to book a room? 
20890	Staying in in London Heathrow Airport overnight?	FIRST TIME TRAVELER Traveling from Phoenix AZ  London  Barcelona Spain. In London there is a 17.5 over night layover.  I am planning on using this time to explore the city.  Can you stay in the airport over night? Or would it be better to book a room? 
20925	Does the US governmental shutdown affect traveling to/from the US and if so, how?	When the news announced the US governmental shutdown today, it was also mentioned that tourists might be affected as well. The example that was given is that the national parks will be closed.  Is that it, or will I notice other effects, such as no public transport, longer delays at the airport, etc? 
20934	US domestic flight without passport for a foreigner	I’m a foreign student and I lost my passport. I’d like to travel from Chicago to New York by plane. Can I use a copy of my passport or my student card as an ID?  I checked the TSA website already. 
20949	How many laptops can I carry to India from Australia without Duty	I am travelling to Australia on SC 400 Visa and have will have a short stay of 40 days or below.  I have to carry an office laptop with me. I also have a personal laptop. I am planning to buy a Macbook from Australia before returning.   Will duty be aplicable in India on return since I would be having 3 laptops with me when I come back!!   As per customs "One laptop computer (notebook computer) over and above the said free allowances mentioned above is also allowed duty free if imported by any passenger of the age of 18 years and above.". Since I will be taking the initial 2 laptops from India I will make sure I take an export certificate. So does this mean the macbook I buy from there will be duty free (since the other two would be in the export list) regardless off the cost of the mac.  Is my understanding correct? 
20989	I recently got a long term Resident Visa for Poland can I transit through Denmark?	I am a citizen of Pakistan and I was recently granted a long term visa "type D" National Visa of Poland.  I was wondering can I transit through Denmark or Germany en-route to my host country or do I need a transit/tourist visa from those countries?  With the flights I am looking at it seems like I will have to pass through border control in order to catch a 'domestic' flight to Warsaw either from CPG or Frankfurt. 
20989	I recently got a long term Resident Visa for Poland can I transit through Denmark?	I am a citizen of Pakistan and I was recently granted a long term visa "type D" National Visa of Poland.  I was wondering can I transit through Denmark or Germany en-route to my host country or do I need a transit/tourist visa from those countries?  With the flights I am looking at it seems like I will have to pass through border control in order to catch a 'domestic' flight to Warsaw either from CPG or Frankfurt. 
20997	Do I have to purchase tickets with the airline's credit card to get the benefits?	I'm planning a trip with my family and would like to take advantage of the benefits on my wife's Citi Platinum Select / AAdvantage® World Mastercard but purchase the tickets with another card.  The benefits we'd like to enjoy are first checked bag free, priority boarding, and bonus miles.  My question is: do we have to purchase the tickets with the card?  Reading the fine print it looks like we'd only have to put her AAdvantage number on the reservation and have everyone on the same reservation.  From the website:  For benefit to apply, the Citi® / AAdvantage® account must be open 7 days prior to air travel AND, reservation must include the primary cardmember's American Airlines AAdvantage® number 7 days prior to air travel. ... For the Citi® / AAdvantage® card, up to four customers traveling with the eligible primary cardmember will also get their first checked bag free of charge if they are listed in the same reservation.  It doesn't say anywhere that the ticket(s) must be purchased with the card. 
20989	I recently got a long term Resident Visa for Poland can I transit through Denmark?	I am a citizen of Pakistan and I was recently granted a long term visa "type D" National Visa of Poland.  I was wondering can I transit through Denmark or Germany en-route to my host country or do I need a transit/tourist visa from those countries?  With the flights I am looking at it seems like I will have to pass through border control in order to catch a 'domestic' flight to Warsaw either from CPG or Frankfurt. 
21005	What is the difference between customs and immigration?	Maybe this is a question that should be asked at english.se in stead. I am just wondering if you can talk about "going through customs", when referring to all processes involved in entering/transferring a country. Or are the terms just as synonymous as Consulates and Embassies?  
21030	Can I visit UK with Italian stay permit?	I'm an Egyptian citizen, who holds Schengen visa and stay permit in Italy. Can I go to UK for some days with my stay permit and Schengen visa? 
21041	Closest skiing to Indochina	From a developed, connected part of SEA - oh, let's say, Thailand - where is the nearest skiing?   Mostly thinking of shortest travel time (eg, to go for a long weekend), but would also be interested in physically closest.  Japan jumped to mind, as I know there is skiing in Hokkaido. I heard a rumor about a ski place in Burma, which would be interesting; when I tried to find information about it online, though, I only come up with references to plans/ideas to develop a fairly remote mountain (Hkakabo Razi) that don't seem near fruition.  Ideally, information about the development-level, difficulty, and approximate costs of the place(s) would be great.   (I imagine that anywhere in Japan is going to be developed to a typical US/EU standard, maybe on the easy side (groomers), and fairly pricey.  Once upon a time, I read about skiing in Kashmir with pack-mules for 'chairlifts' - which would be interesting, although maybe too remote for a short trip.) 
12936	Ski Resorts during the Northern Hemisphere's Summer	I am wondering what Ski Resorts are available (open) for skiing during the Northern Hemisphere's summer?  Level of comfort and amenities don't really make a difference for the purposes of this question. 
21072	Which backpack theft protection features are there, and which of them work?	While wearing a backpack, what are common/known ways how someone might steal things out of your backpack (or even the whole backpack altogether)?   Which backpack security features can protect against which theft method?  {I’m asking only about features integrated in backpacks, not additional security products (like locks or Pacsafe add-ons).} 
21072	Which backpack theft protection features are there, and which of them work?	While wearing a backpack, what are common/known ways how someone might steal things out of your backpack (or even the whole backpack altogether)?   Which backpack security features can protect against which theft method?  {I’m asking only about features integrated in backpacks, not additional security products (like locks or Pacsafe add-ons).} 
21077	Why do passports expire?	Based on this question, why do passports expire? What possible function does it serve to limit their validity in time? 
21079	Extended stay visa for Italy	I am a Canadian citizen, currently living in Italy. My 90-day Schengen visiting period is due to expire in a month. However, I would like to stay for several more months (learn the language and travel around). Is it possible to extend my stay without leaving Italy? Can I apply for a visa for Italy in Italy? If not, can I apply for a residence permit? If I can get a residence permit, will I have problems leaving/entering the country because my Schengen entry stamp will show that I overstayed?  I saw a very good reply here Extended stay visa for Germany Is there a similar, proper process for Italy? 
21066	What does a Mb on average costs on a prepaid sim card in the US?	My mobile phone provider is charging the following when roaming in the US:   Incomming calls 2.50 euro per minute Outgoing calls 4.00 euro per minute sending sms: 0.50 Data: 0.50 /Mb   Prices for calling is outrageous, but the data plan seems reasonable, that is if I rely on wifi primarily and only use the internet on my phone in case of "emergencies" (i.e. Consulting google maps, when lost).  Since having internet access on my phone more frequently would be comfortable, I wonder if there are better data plans for short-trip visitors to the US?  
21066	What does a Mb on average costs on a prepaid sim card in the US?	My mobile phone provider is charging the following when roaming in the US:   Incomming calls 2.50 euro per minute Outgoing calls 4.00 euro per minute sending sms: 0.50 Data: 0.50 /Mb   Prices for calling is outrageous, but the data plan seems reasonable, that is if I rely on wifi primarily and only use the internet on my phone in case of "emergencies" (i.e. Consulting google maps, when lost).  Since having internet access on my phone more frequently would be comfortable, I wonder if there are better data plans for short-trip visitors to the US?  
21066	What does a Mb on average costs on a prepaid sim card in the US?	My mobile phone provider is charging the following when roaming in the US:   Incomming calls 2.50 euro per minute Outgoing calls 4.00 euro per minute sending sms: 0.50 Data: 0.50 /Mb   Prices for calling is outrageous, but the data plan seems reasonable, that is if I rely on wifi primarily and only use the internet on my phone in case of "emergencies" (i.e. Consulting google maps, when lost).  Since having internet access on my phone more frequently would be comfortable, I wonder if there are better data plans for short-trip visitors to the US?  
21090	Biometric passport: How can I know if the chip is still working? Does it matter?	My biometric passport inadvertently spent some time under the rain. It's not badly damaged but some sheets are a bit deformed and there are tiny brown spots on the side. I am wondering if there is an easy way for me to determine if the chip is still working. If it does not, can I still use the passport? Which countries require a biometric passport or actually use the data?  Also, how much of a problem can a lightly damaged/worn out passport be? Is it more likely to be an issue in some countries than others?  PS: Right now, I am preparing for a possible trip to the US and since there is still time, I will most likely ask for a (costly, turned out requesting a new one was free, for some reason) new passport just in case but I would be curious to know if that's really necessary or about potential issues in other countries as well. The passport in question is still valid for more than three years, still has many free pages and was issued by a EU country participating in the visa waiver program. 
21129	15 Hours Layover in NRT	My situation: My plane lands in NRT(Terminal 2) at 8pm Sunday night.  My departure for my connecting flight departs at 11am(Terminal 2) Monday morning.  This is a looooong 15 hours layover. I'm a US citizen, male.  My question: What can I do to kill my 15 hours layover at a budget? I have to stress out my question to be at the LOWEST COST POSSIBLE. Options of course are cheap hotels, site seeing the nearest city, cheap food,...etc. 
21129	15 Hours Layover in NRT	My situation: My plane lands in NRT(Terminal 2) at 8pm Sunday night.  My departure for my connecting flight departs at 11am(Terminal 2) Monday morning.  This is a looooong 15 hours layover. I'm a US citizen, male.  My question: What can I do to kill my 15 hours layover at a budget? I have to stress out my question to be at the LOWEST COST POSSIBLE. Options of course are cheap hotels, site seeing the nearest city, cheap food,...etc. 
21129	15 Hours Layover in NRT	My situation: My plane lands in NRT(Terminal 2) at 8pm Sunday night.  My departure for my connecting flight departs at 11am(Terminal 2) Monday morning.  This is a looooong 15 hours layover. I'm a US citizen, male.  My question: What can I do to kill my 15 hours layover at a budget? I have to stress out my question to be at the LOWEST COST POSSIBLE. Options of course are cheap hotels, site seeing the nearest city, cheap food,...etc. 
21179	Dizziness while flying	I am traveling to Europe in the next couple of weeks, I get really sick and dizzy on planes, I feel that my head is going to explode and I can feel the slightest motion the plane does. I have tried Bonine (which is over the counter meclizine) and it did absolutely nothing. My problem isn't with getting sick in my stomach, my problem is with the dizziness that after 2 hours of flying is combined with a severe headache that literately takes me a week of recovery after the flight.  How can I prevent this on future flights? 
21193	How can I get a list of countries where I can enter without a visa?	There is of course the IATA visa tool, but there you need to enter country + personal details to get visa details.  If I want to know my options, it can become quite a nuisance to get a full list. Is there an easier way to know the countries I am eligible to enter visa-free? 
21077	Why do passports expire?	Based on this question, why do passports expire? What possible function does it serve to limit their validity in time? 
21207	Transit Visa at Stockholm for Russian Citizen?	I am Russian Citizen and I have a ticket from Moscow to Istanbul via Stockholm. I will stay in Arlanda Airport 6 hours and 25 minutes. Do i need a transit visa? 
21219	Do I need seperate visas for travelling via Munich to Geneva, if I already have a Schengen visa?	I am an Indian citizen and I'll be travelling from New Delhi to Geneva via Munich. I have already applied for a Schengen visa, do I require a seperate visa for Germany?  
7310	Reclaiming tax from US purchases	I'm traveling in the US (originally from Australia) and buying a few things like shoes etc and a friend said I might be able to claim the tax back on my purchases. Does anyone know if this is right and if so how do I go about doing this? 
21198	Can I apply for a Schengen visa of the first port of entry or does it need to be the country of the longest duration?	I'm planning to travel to the Netherlands, Spain and Bulgaria. My longest stay will probably be in Bulgaria. Now, Bulgaria doesn't issue a Schengen visa but allows people with a Schengen visa to visit. Which visa should I be applying for? Bulgarian Visa AND Schengen visa or just the Schengen visa for Netherlands or Spain? 
21236	Duration of Schengen visa while travelling to non Schengen areas which allow Schengen visa	I'm planning to travel to the Netherlands, Bulgaria and Turkey. I'll be in Netherlands for 4 days, Bulgaria for 4 and Turkey for 2. I'm applying for a Schengen visa for the Netherlands. Considering that Bulgaria and Turkey are not in the Schengen Area (but accept Schengen Visas for entry), will the duration of the visa be determined by only the Netherlands leg of the trip? Ideally I would want the visa to be valid for at least 10 days to include the entire trip. 
21236	Duration of Schengen visa while travelling to non Schengen areas which allow Schengen visa	I'm planning to travel to the Netherlands, Bulgaria and Turkey. I'll be in Netherlands for 4 days, Bulgaria for 4 and Turkey for 2. I'm applying for a Schengen visa for the Netherlands. Considering that Bulgaria and Turkey are not in the Schengen Area (but accept Schengen Visas for entry), will the duration of the visa be determined by only the Netherlands leg of the trip? Ideally I would want the visa to be valid for at least 10 days to include the entire trip. 
21245	Au Pair in France OFII question	I am living in France (have been here just about 2 months) and have an au pair contract that runs from September 15 2013 until August 2014 (long stay visa). I have the visa in my passport, but it just became apparent to me that I am missing one step: the medical appointment with the OFII (French Office for Immigration and Integration) and my visa stamp validating my long stay visa. When I realized this, it came as blessing more than an "oh no" moment, as the au pair experience with this family is really not how they presented it to me, and I am feeling very ready to go back home to the USA. Here is my question: if I simply ignore this OFII paperwork and wait for my 90 days to come to a close, will my departure from the country be necessary as my long stay visa no longer be valid, or will my host family simply call the OFII and get it sorted out? Note that I will be bringing this to my family's attention AFTER I have been in the country 90 days. I'm just curious if my long stay visa will legally be voided at that point, or if it's an easy fix even after my 90 days have ended. 
20311	Leaving Schengen region to reset 90 days	I have a friend who claims that you can leave the Schengen area for 1 night, and re-enter, to reset your 90 days.  For example, an Australian could enter Europe and then go for a couple of nights holiday to Morocco, Andorra, or London (any place outside of Schengen), and then return to Paris and have the passport stamped for another 90 days stay in Europe.  They swear by this and claim they know guys doing it for years.  My understanding, which admittedly is just from reading online and not real-world experience, was that we could only spend 90 days out of any 180 days in the Schengen region.    I've also heard other people say, no, you can't do that and if you are caught overstaying then you can be banned from re-entering schengen region for 5 years.  But, I've heard similar stories from several other people about leaving for 1 night making me think there is something to this story even if it's a loophole or a legal grey area (e.g. maybe the person checking at the border when you re-enter has to actually notice a previous stamp in your passport?)  So what are the real rules and facts about tourists staying in the Schengen region on these visa waiver agreements? 
21338	Can I enter Spain with a French visa "long sejour"?	I am Brazilian and my husband is French. We are living in Spain currently. I entered in Europe as a tourist. I could stay 90 days as a tourist and it's over, my situation is illegal right now. We try to make my papers here in Spain and it did not work. Then we tried France and it did not work neither. The only option for me is going back to Brazil and ask my visa in the french consulate which is not going to fix my situation in Spain but it does not matter anymore because we are going to live in France soon. What I am afraid of is: I bought my air ticket Barcelona/Brazil/Barcelona. When I arrive back in Barcelona they can deny my entering? Will they accept my french visa? 
13362	Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	In case, if I get a multiple-entry Schengen visa in one of the embassies in Ukraine, Kyiv - should my first trip be to the country which issued the visa?  Any there any requirements of this sort? Does this condition vary depending on embassy which issued the visa?  What are the possible consequences on not visiting that country first? Does it somehow depend on country where the embassy is (i.e. non-Schengen and not EU members)? 
21338	Can I enter Spain with a French visa "long sejour"?	I am Brazilian and my husband is French. We are living in Spain currently. I entered in Europe as a tourist. I could stay 90 days as a tourist and it's over, my situation is illegal right now. We try to make my papers here in Spain and it did not work. Then we tried France and it did not work neither. The only option for me is going back to Brazil and ask my visa in the french consulate which is not going to fix my situation in Spain but it does not matter anymore because we are going to live in France soon. What I am afraid of is: I bought my air ticket Barcelona/Brazil/Barcelona. When I arrive back in Barcelona they can deny my entering? Will they accept my french visa? 
21357	German Work Visa Expiring soon .. Can I still travel Europe as a tourist?	My freelance Work Visa expires in 10 days in Germany. It was a 12 month Visa.  I plan on heading to Spain and Denmark before flying back to Australia. Is this permitted?  Or ... will my 90 days be included in the 12 month Visa that is about to expire?  I'm hoping it isn't. 
21335	Is there a way to work on a macbook pro on 10 hour flights?	Whenever I am on a long flight, I try to be as efficient as possible in laptop usage. Everything that I don't need is switched off, from WiFI and bluetooth, to any other unneeded app. I mainly need to write, so this way I can manage up to 5 hours. On my previous Mac, I simply had an additional battery packed, which would allow me twice the amount of working time. Unfortunately Apple decided to make the battery an integral part of the laptop.  On my 11 hour flight last week, there was however this guy who was working all the time on his laptop and he I saw him coding and compiling all the time. I intended to ask him how he managed to do that with external power available, while deplaning, but I simply forgot :(.  My question is how can I work on a macbook pro longer then 5-6 hours when on a long flight with no external power available? 
21360	Which travel option is cheapest from Suvarnabhumi (Bangkok Airport) to Huahin at night?	I will reach BKK by 2:00am , whats the cheapest option to go to Huahin by this hour? Is there any bus available at this hour? 
21376	Hiking around Iceland: Trails or walking on the ring road?	What options are available to hike around Iceland? Other questions address camping but are there marked trails on some or all of the way? Is walking on the ring road allowed at all and is it realistic? Are some sections of the road more interesting or popular?  PS: This question is based on a comment on What are the wild camping regulations in Iceland? The original poster did not follow up but it seems interesting so I am reposting it as a proper question. 
21377	UK student visa legal situation for traveling in the EU more than 3 months without Schengen visa?	I'm Mexican, with a student visa for UK until mid-January, I left the UK on August 10. I'm in the EU but I'm not planing to come back to UK. I can be in Schengen area countries as a tourist for no more than 3 months, that period of time starts when you enter the EU.  My question is if I would be able to enter to Germany from Portugal in mid December in order to come back to Mexico cheaper, or do I need to come back to UK before November 10th to come back to Mexico from UK?  I don't have a Schengen visa, just student visa from UK, with a stamp that says that I'm able to be in UK until January 19th.  Edit: I just found out that Mexican citizens do not require a Schengen Visa to visit Europe. I got stamps in my passport whenever I entered the European Union and whenever I left it. I re-entered the European Union (after a prolonged stay in Germany) via Greece on the 28th of August. As far as I know the European Union is considered as a single entity in visa situations. As a Mexican I am bound by the 90 days in 180 days policy. So the only uncertain aspect remaining is my status holding a UK student visa. 
21375	Where can I find out the current snow depth in Iceland?	Is there a website that reports the current snow depth across Iceland? I'm after a site with similar detail to the question in this answer about Norway.  
21384	Nomadic lifestyle in the continental U.S.?	I'm a U.S. citizen with a remote job; as long as I have my laptop, power, and an internet connection, I can go anywhere. I want to make this happen within the continental United States - I'm not sure whether I want to try to visit all 50 states, or do the state capitals thing, or what, but I know that I'm tired of stagnating in one place - I'm bored, and travel will address that.  I have an idea to take my car and just drive to different places, taking my job with me and rooming wherever I can find it. Although this is feasible, costs add up over time (even at cheap motels) and I'm trying to find a way to minimize this type of cost in the general sense. (This means that at times, I could stay at hotels, motels, etc, but it wouldn't be a habit.)  A friend of mine suggested national parks, and state parks might also be an option. I'd really just need camping gear.  The last option would just be to sleep in my car, which would honestly suck, but would work.  I want your opinions and expertise. Has anyone on here had experience doing this? Are there any options I've forgotten in order to accomplish a somewhat nomadic lifestyle in the continental U.S.? 
21384	Nomadic lifestyle in the continental U.S.?	I'm a U.S. citizen with a remote job; as long as I have my laptop, power, and an internet connection, I can go anywhere. I want to make this happen within the continental United States - I'm not sure whether I want to try to visit all 50 states, or do the state capitals thing, or what, but I know that I'm tired of stagnating in one place - I'm bored, and travel will address that.  I have an idea to take my car and just drive to different places, taking my job with me and rooming wherever I can find it. Although this is feasible, costs add up over time (even at cheap motels) and I'm trying to find a way to minimize this type of cost in the general sense. (This means that at times, I could stay at hotels, motels, etc, but it wouldn't be a habit.)  A friend of mine suggested national parks, and state parks might also be an option. I'd really just need camping gear.  The last option would just be to sleep in my car, which would honestly suck, but would work.  I want your opinions and expertise. Has anyone on here had experience doing this? Are there any options I've forgotten in order to accomplish a somewhat nomadic lifestyle in the continental U.S.? 
21385	Valid visa in an expired US passport and an additional renewed passport	I have a valid Indian visa in the US for an expired passport. Additional I have a new US passport. Can I carry both my passports with me when I'm traveling to India? Will I have problems at the immigration at Bombay airport? 
21380	How do you drive a British car? Is it with the left hand and foot or right?	So, I'm an American.  I'm right-handed and I drive on the right side of the road :)    My clutch is the pedal furthest to the left, followed (from left to right) by the brake and the gas.  I use my right hand to change gears, and my right foot to control the brake and the gas. People differ in regards to whether one should use the left or the right foot to control the clutch brake.  If I rent a car in the UK, obviously I'm going to be driving on the left hand side, but is the arrangement of the pedals and clutch different?  It would seem to be awkward to use my non-dominant (i.e. my left) hand to shift gears and to use my left foot to control the brake and gas.    But, is this the case when I drive in the UK?  The spatial relationship is eluding me right now. 
21375	Where can I find out the current snow depth in Iceland?	Is there a website that reports the current snow depth across Iceland? I'm after a site with similar detail to the question in this answer about Norway.  
21395	How to find the arrival time of a past flight?	Where can I find arrival time at BOM airport for below flight? It went from LHR to BOM  BA0199 on 20 December 2012  I searched online quite a lot, but no luck :( 
21396	Mobile Internet in the Netherlands	I'm visiting the Netherlands for a week. I'd like to buy a SIM for my iPad to have internet access. What is the cheapest way? Cheapest carrier that offers 500MB-1GB? (with decent 3G coverage in Amsterdam) 
21405	Could you actually get in trouble if you don't stick to the transport and accommodation stated in your visa application?	For some countries to apply for a visa you must provide proof of:   Travelling to and/or from the country, sometimes the document even specifies flight ticket. Accommodation booked, sometimes just the first night is necessary.   Now when you intend to travel independently by crossing the border by land when you get there by whichever means makes sense at the time, and staying first at whichever city or town you reach - the advice given on many forums, and also here on travel.SE is to just book some transportation and accommodation that you will cancel later.  But can this ever lead to problems? Is the information you provided for your visa application binding in any way?  In the case that this is too hard to answer in the general case, an answer specifically for China is also acceptable.    So far this question has two speculative answers based on guessing what might happen. What I am looking for is more solid information, such as actual laws on this topic from any country, notices or warnings posted at embassies or travel advisories, news reports, blog postings, or forum postings of anybody's personal story where this did turn out to be a real factor. Or if it happened to you yourself! Getting an answer by calling or visiting a consulate or immigration office might also work, but might cause suspicion if you do it while actually applying for a visa. 
21419	Are there any taxes on product purchsed from US and taken to India	Can i buy a MAC in US and take it to India? Ofcourse i can! But my question is do i have to pay extra taxes or something for that maybe in US or india? 
21383	Does Japan have pubs or bars?	In jmac's answer to "Where can I socialize with young Japanese people?", one suggestion given was bars:     For night life, bars tend to be the best choice (over Izakaya or Night   Clubs) because they are focused on smaller groups of drinkers and are   generally quiet enough to talk in. These can be found in almost any   city, though they probably won't start filling up on weekdays until   after 7 or 8pm.   I was surprised at this, because I thought Japan didn't have pubs or bars. Does Japan have pubs or bars? If they do exist, I'd want to visit them.  To be clear, I'm not talking about hostess bars or "Girls' bars", nor "Philippines pubs" (フィリピンパブ), which, according to uncovery, are hostess bars where the staff are Filipino, which often have live music or karaoke.  I've seen plenty of izakayas, which are places that serve food as well as drink, and generally look a bit more like the Japan of yesteryear than that of today, without seeming to be "fake".  I also visited a British-style pub in Nagoya, but I felt it was deliberately British-themed and a novelty, rather than appearing as something normal in Japan. The pub was called "Oxo" - official site, critical blog post about it stating that the decoration was authentic, but the food wasn't.  By contrast, I am asking about something that doesn't go out of its way to portray itself as British or Irish or Aussie, but is similar to bars or pubs in western countries.  I don't recall seeing any such bars or pubs in Japan, and Wikivoyage says they don't exist much. Am I just looking in the wrong parts of Japan? 
21420	Process & recommendations to obtain a prepaid micro-SIM card in Jakarta (Indonesia)?	What are the requirements to obtain a pre-paid micro-SIM in Jakarta, Indonesia (passport, cost, etc)?  What are the recommendations for where to obtain a micro-SIM (7-11, cellular company store)? 
21454	Do I need UK transit visa?	I have a US transit visa. I am travelling from India to Jamaica. Will I need a UK transit visa as well? My flight goes from Mumbai to LHR to Miami to Montego bay. 
21458	Traveling to Cancun through Zurich as the non-EU spouse of an EU citizen	I am from Colombia. I am married to an Italian. I live in Italy. We would like to travel to Cancun through Zurich. Do I need a transit visa? 
21463	Help! Touring NYC on a student's budget	I will be going to Manhattan for a presentation at Columbia and the flight (rountrip Caltech/Burbank) will be reimbursed and accomodation will be paid for 2 days (duration of presentation)  After that I will be free to tour on my own.  I won't be able to afford lodging around Manhattan and since I have no idea about NYC, I wanted to reach out and ask:   Where can I find affordable ($50 or less/day) lodging at NYC? It's just a place to rest at night and have my suitcase (it will contain expensive research equipment from school) safe during the day when I am out exploring the city I think staying in the suburbs around Jamaica might be inexpensive but if most of the attraction is an hour (or more) of commute, I will be wasting time I could otherwise have used for touring around Would buying a "7 day pass" be financially smart? How is it different from the "7 day express pass"? What are these "express" routes and would I ever need to use them for sight-seeing? What will be a "good" way to travel to NJ (Harrison PATH station) What will be a "good" way to travel to MD (Baltimore Penn Station)  
21501	What visa procedures/rules apply in Australia for a Swede 2013?	I am 35 years old going to Australia, not planning to work.  I've understood there are (at least) two different time spans for visas, &lt; 3 months and  3 months.  What is required to get a visa for 3-6 months, and how long time does it take? 
21519	Russian transit Visa In Sweden	I'm going from St.Petersburg to Addis Ababa and I have a transit in Stockholm for 12 hours.  So does a Russian citizen need a transit visa to Sweden? 
21531	How can I search for a flight between two areas (not two cities)?	Can anyone knows a way to search a flight from two areas, not necessary from only two airports?  I often find difficult to find those informations in the past.  I can leave from at least 5 airports and when I have multiple choice for the arrival it is very difficlut to find the best solution. 
21540	Travel to the US	I am planning a trip to the US next year and will be travelling around.. my idea was to spend a total of 6 months in the country. I appreciate that my under the VWP I will have  90 days initially.. if I leave the US how long do I have to be out of the country for before I can return. Thanks Vicky 
21575	Transit through London for US to India roundtrip	I have US L1 visa on passport that expires in Jan2014. I am planning to visit India in Jan2014-Feb2014. I have my US H1 visa for which I will go to stamping in India. Now, can I travel through London? The visa I have on passport is for L1 that expires in Jan2014, but my return date is in Feb2014 and I will be coming back on H1. I will be transiting through London between 6th Jan 2014 to 12th Jan 2014.   I read few other similar questions but unable to judge whether to have valid US visa for return date or while passing through london. 
21588	Prices and availability for Mandarin/TransAsia TPE-ISG charter flights	So I'm given to understand that the following "scheduled charter" flights between Taipei-Taoyuan and Ishigaki (Japan) exist and are open to the public:  Mandarin Airlines  AE7334 TPE1140 – 1335ISG E90 36 AE7335 ISG1430 – 1425TPE E90 36   TransAsia Airlines  GE686 TPE0900 – 1055ISG 320 47 GE685 ISG1200 – 1200TPE 320 47   However, I'm unable to check prices/availability for either on the respective company websites, much less book online, and my usual stalwarts (ITA Matrix etc) don't even acknowledge that these flights exist. I'm even having trouble confirming the dates of operation.  Are there any Taiwanese (or other) travel websites etc that would have this info? English/Japanese preferred, but I'll can puzzle out Chinese if needed.  My ultimate goal is to get a price for a SYD-TPE-ISG-(NRT/HND)-TPE-SYD loop, but I'd like to understand my options first. 
21581	Boarding a sleeper compartment with a waiting list ticket and no reservation	What are the railway reservation rules under the below noted circumstances?  I have purchased a waiting list ticket in 3rd class A/C and did not confirm it before the journey. Can I make a valid journey and board in the 3rd AC compartment with the waiting list ticket?  Also, can I travel in Sleeper Class in a reserved compartment if I only have a general ticket without reservation? I am ready to pay the reservation cost to the TTE (Travelling Ticket Examiner) even if no seat could be allotted by him. 
21587	Buying a phone in the US	Does anyone know whether I can buy a phone on google Play in the US and use in the UK?  I live in the UK, but will be visiting the US in the next couple of weeks, so thought I could buy the new Google Nexus 5 on Google Play from there, and save a few $$.  Does anyone know if I'm likely to come across any possible issues? 
21620	I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE?	I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE? I have an Indian Passport. 
21620	I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE?	I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE? I have an Indian Passport. 
21648	Valencia: Places to work temporarily	I'm looking for places like cafés/hacker spaces/co working offices etc in Valencia where you can sit and work with your computer. Wi-Fi and power outlets are a not a requirement but a big plus.   I'm looking for something like this previous answer about Berlin. 
21645	Offsetting travel cost by selling luggage space?	If someone is flying internationally with just a back pack as a hand/carry on luggage and has an unused quota of about at least 50 lbs of luggage allowed, can the traveler sell this luggage quota of his ? The airlines don't give a hoot if you don't travel with luggage, they are not bringing down the cost of the ticket. Where can such a luggage space be advertized and how common is it for people to sell their luggage space ?  If this luggage quota can't be sold, what can be done to offset the travel cost given that the passenger is travelling with just one bag less than 13 lbs and is allowed another 50 lbs. 
21662	Do you need a visa to visit the UK for 5 days as an Ecuadorian citizen?	My boyfriend and I want to go visit my sister in the UK, I am English citizen with residence in Spain and he is from Ecuador and with residence in Spain too. Will he need an visa even though he is traveliing with me and staying with my family? Will a letter of invitation do? I did not want to get an visa as it is double the price of the flight and won't be ready in time. 
21678	US green card holder: Do I need a transit visa when my journey includes a flight within a Schengen country?	I am an Iranian citizen and US permanent resident. I'm traveling home over the new year break and I booked my flights with Alitalia like this:  JFK -&gt; ROME -&gt; TEHRAN TEHRAN -&gt; ROME -&gt; MILAN -&gt; JFK   All the connections are from the same terminals. I know that green card holders are exempt from transit visa in Italy. However, someone pointed out to me that since I have two connections in Italy on the way back, they might be considered domestic flights and I might need to get a transit visa (although I don't change terminals).  So do I really need the transit visa?  EDIT: thank you all for your help. I contacted the airline and they couldn't help. The consulate in my area is closed today and but I'll ask them what kind of visa (transit or Schengen) I need and I'll update once I have more info.  EDIT2: so I ended up changing my flight due to other reasons, but I went to the Italian consulate and they gave me a Schengen visa valid for 3 days that would have covered my connection in Italy. 
19763	What would be considered "evidence of adequate funds" for entering Hong Kong?	I'll be visiting Hong Kong for a few days next week.  I noticed this statement on the Hong Kong Visa Requirements page:     must have a U.S. passport valid for at least six months and evidence of adequate funds for their stay and onward transportation.   What would qualify as "evidence of adequate funds"? 
21721	When going by a train from Paris to Amsterdam, can I hop off in Antwerp and then hop on again?	I am buying a train ticket from Paris to Amsterdam (Thalys), can I hop off in Antwerp to spend sometime with a friend and then hop on again in the same day (within an hour or two)? or do I have to buy a separate tickets? 
21727	Do I need an ESTA for changing airplanes in Puerto Rico?	I'm a European citizen (from Germany) and I have a flight from Germany to Chile via Puerto Rico soon. I have a three hour stay at the airport and need to change the airplane (and flight operating company as well).  Do I need to apply for an ESTA beforehand to be allowed to enter US territory? 
21737	Does having a US drivers' license reduce car insurance versus a Dutch drivers' license in the US?	I am currently studying in Buffalo, NY and have no need for a car. However, I may want to go on a road trip and the end of my stay on the west coast. Will it make insurance cheaper to get a driving licence here if I want to rent or buy a car for 4 weeks? I am in possession of a Dutch driving licence.  Also, do they make a distinction between in-state and out-of-state licences when renting a car? 
21746	drive in the US while visiting	Can you drive in the US while you visit if you own a driver's license from your own country?if yes, for how long? I heard that you can for 6months. 
21746	drive in the US while visiting	Can you drive in the US while you visit if you own a driver's license from your own country?if yes, for how long? I heard that you can for 6months. 
21761	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa?	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa travelling from Botswana? 
21761	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa?	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa travelling from Botswana? 
21761	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa?	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa travelling from Botswana? 
21782	Australian overseas--do I need visa to go to Schengen area?	I am an Australian passport holder, I did not get any visas before travelling, while travelling I coincidentally left the Schengen area after 90 days. I never got a visa to travel in Europe because I didn't even know about the Schengen area rule until in UK. I am still travelling (currently in the UK) and have to go back to Italy after just two weeks out of the EU... will I be stopped? Do I actually need to get a visa to go to Italy? And while I'm in London should I go to the Italian embassy ?  If anyone has specific answers please comment, don't send me links to other questions with answers. So much information to read through about these laws it is just getting confusing. 
21783	Do I need a transit visa in Zurich on the way to India?	I am travelling from US to India, with an Indian passport but expired F1 visa and going there to get my H1B visa stamping. I have a stop at Zurich for 2 hours while flying to India. Do I need a transit visa for my trip?  
21783	Do I need a transit visa in Zurich on the way to India?	I am travelling from US to India, with an Indian passport but expired F1 visa and going there to get my H1B visa stamping. I have a stop at Zurich for 2 hours while flying to India. Do I need a transit visa for my trip?  
21782	Australian overseas--do I need visa to go to Schengen area?	I am an Australian passport holder, I did not get any visas before travelling, while travelling I coincidentally left the Schengen area after 90 days. I never got a visa to travel in Europe because I didn't even know about the Schengen area rule until in UK. I am still travelling (currently in the UK) and have to go back to Italy after just two weeks out of the EU... will I be stopped? Do I actually need to get a visa to go to Italy? And while I'm in London should I go to the Italian embassy ?  If anyone has specific answers please comment, don't send me links to other questions with answers. So much information to read through about these laws it is just getting confusing. 
21789	LHR T3 to T5 shopping is it possible?	Arrive in LHR T3 waiting for connecting flight (5 hours layover), but want to go to T5 for shopping, can i do it? 
21789	LHR T3 to T5 shopping is it possible?	Arrive in LHR T3 waiting for connecting flight (5 hours layover), but want to go to T5 for shopping, can i do it? 
21793	How are the weather and vegetation in Kyoto in November-December?	I am deciding if I will travel to Kyoto in late November, early December.    How cold is the weather? Is there still a chance to appreciate the fall's splendid colors or will trees have lost all their leaves by then?  
21798	USA entry and reentry	I am looking to move to Las Vegas to try and find work but I will initially go just on an ESTA. I realise I can stay in the states for a maximum of 90 days?  If I haven't found a job and need to leave, what countries can I go to before I can come back to Vegas? I was thinking Mexico or Canada for a week?  What time period would I have to be out of the states? Around a week?  Is is possible to get an extension visa? 
21798	USA entry and reentry	I am looking to move to Las Vegas to try and find work but I will initially go just on an ESTA. I realise I can stay in the states for a maximum of 90 days?  If I haven't found a job and need to leave, what countries can I go to before I can come back to Vegas? I was thinking Mexico or Canada for a week?  What time period would I have to be out of the states? Around a week?  Is is possible to get an extension visa? 
21815	What kind of 'proof of onward travel' do I need for Brazil?	I recently purchased a one way ticket from Frankfurt, Germany to Salvador, Brazil with low cost carrier Condor. I am a Belgian citizen and don't need a visa for Brazil (or any South American country for that matter). I will be travelling overland, first to Chile and then further north to Peru. I have been reading (including questions on this forum) extensively about this 'proof of onward travel' but pretty much all the information I can find is anecdotal. I need hard proof and no personal experience. For example: this topic is basically the same question and the first answer begins with 'My answer does not reflect official rules and laws, just my own experience.' Not very reassuring, you can imagine.  So now, this is my personal situation. I want to know whether a bus ticket from a city in Brazil, to let's say Uruguay will be 100% enough proof for Brazilian immigration officers, both in my departing city as well as the arrival airport in South America. If not, what other options do I have?  I also have tried to contact the Brazilian embassy, but a couple of mail addresses have seized to exist and other ones just don't reply. I just don't want to get stuck when I want to leave. 
21815	What kind of 'proof of onward travel' do I need for Brazil?	I recently purchased a one way ticket from Frankfurt, Germany to Salvador, Brazil with low cost carrier Condor. I am a Belgian citizen and don't need a visa for Brazil (or any South American country for that matter). I will be travelling overland, first to Chile and then further north to Peru. I have been reading (including questions on this forum) extensively about this 'proof of onward travel' but pretty much all the information I can find is anecdotal. I need hard proof and no personal experience. For example: this topic is basically the same question and the first answer begins with 'My answer does not reflect official rules and laws, just my own experience.' Not very reassuring, you can imagine.  So now, this is my personal situation. I want to know whether a bus ticket from a city in Brazil, to let's say Uruguay will be 100% enough proof for Brazilian immigration officers, both in my departing city as well as the arrival airport in South America. If not, what other options do I have?  I also have tried to contact the Brazilian embassy, but a couple of mail addresses have seized to exist and other ones just don't reply. I just don't want to get stuck when I want to leave. 
21818	Using a long stay visa to visit other Schengen countries	I'm from South Africa and have received a long-stay study visa from the French Embassy in South Africa, for entry and exit into France for a year, to do 3 months of research work in Montpellier, France. My 3 months end on the 14th December 2013 and I would like to visit some European countries of which I will spend most 2 days per country before heading back to South Africa. I would like to find out can I enter and exit the Schengen countries with this visa or do I need to apply for a Schengen visa here in France? 
21818	Using a long stay visa to visit other Schengen countries	I'm from South Africa and have received a long-stay study visa from the French Embassy in South Africa, for entry and exit into France for a year, to do 3 months of research work in Montpellier, France. My 3 months end on the 14th December 2013 and I would like to visit some European countries of which I will spend most 2 days per country before heading back to South Africa. I would like to find out can I enter and exit the Schengen countries with this visa or do I need to apply for a Schengen visa here in France? 
21815	What kind of 'proof of onward travel' do I need for Brazil?	I recently purchased a one way ticket from Frankfurt, Germany to Salvador, Brazil with low cost carrier Condor. I am a Belgian citizen and don't need a visa for Brazil (or any South American country for that matter). I will be travelling overland, first to Chile and then further north to Peru. I have been reading (including questions on this forum) extensively about this 'proof of onward travel' but pretty much all the information I can find is anecdotal. I need hard proof and no personal experience. For example: this topic is basically the same question and the first answer begins with 'My answer does not reflect official rules and laws, just my own experience.' Not very reassuring, you can imagine.  So now, this is my personal situation. I want to know whether a bus ticket from a city in Brazil, to let's say Uruguay will be 100% enough proof for Brazilian immigration officers, both in my departing city as well as the arrival airport in South America. If not, what other options do I have?  I also have tried to contact the Brazilian embassy, but a couple of mail addresses have seized to exist and other ones just don't reply. I just don't want to get stuck when I want to leave. 
21841	I will go be in transit in Amsterdam - can I leave the international zone for a few minutes as a Tunisian?	I'm from Tunisia. I will  go to Amsterdam.  Can  I  leave  the  "international zone"  and go out of the airport and then come in again? Does anyone care and will they let me in again? 
21842	Is Transit Visa needed for Tokyo	I have upcoming business flight between Houston and Bali, Singapore, This flight has a 2-hour layover in Tokyo, and and a plane change Do I need transit visas beyond a business VISA for Singapore? 
21846	15 days Schengen visa, what are technicalities for travelling to Turkey also on the same document?	I have a 15 day Schengen visa 25 November to 15 December) my port of entry is Italy. After spending 2 weeks in Italy I will be going to Turkey for a week. My doubts are   as I have a multiple entry visa and an Indian passport Based on that I will be getting Turkish visa even if I have 2 days of my valid Schengen visa remaining. On arrival can I get a 10 plus days visa stay in Turkey?  
19651	Are there any advantages to boarding a flight near the end of the boarding process?	Normally I have frequent flyer status when I board a flight, and I take advantage of it to make sure I'm one of the very first to board, if not the first. That allows me to:   Get comfortable, get things out of my bag without disturbing others, etc. Not have to stand in a long queue in the jetbridge (on a large plane, boarding can take ~30 minutes, and this is quite tedious). Find a place for my bag in the overhead locker without worrying that there won't be room and it'll have to be checked (more of an issue on small planes than large ones, although I think it still happens quite rarely in practice).   Are there any advantages to boarding later, or near the end, that I'm missing? (apart from the obvious one of not having to get to the gate quite so early). I never understand why folks wait (although obviously there must be someone at the end!) 
21848	Train from Krakow to Berlin	Is there a train from Krakow to Berlin (e.g Krakow - Warsaw - Berlin)? I am told that there isn't one any longer...  http://www.europebyrail.eu/the-wawel-tale  http://www.eurocheapo.com/blog/deutsche-bahn-new-long-distance-bus-services.html 
21873	Netherlands Working Holiday Scheme for Aussies	No visa is needed for Australians to enjoy the 90/180 standard rule in Schengen area. To extend that time in Holland (and maybe other places) I can apply for a working holiday visa of 1 year at Dutch IND.  Will this 1 year visa apply strictly to Holland or does it benefit me in other Schengen countries? Can I use it to overstay the 90 days elsewhere or does it only allow me to stay in Holland for the extra time? I'm assuming all it does is stop the clock on the 90 days while in Holland but clock runs elsewhere in Schengen. Correct? 
21934	When going through customs to catch a connecting flight, can I re-check baggage later?	Normally when you have to go through customs in the US/Canada to catch a connecting flight, you have to pick up your baggage, and you re-check it right after clearing customs.  As a follow-up to this question, is it possible to take your bags landside and re-check them later if you have sufficiently long layover? If you haven't used up your baggage allowance for the flight, could you even check an additional bag?  [edit] I have added the USA and Canada tags. Let me know whether there are other countries where you pick up and re-check your baggage upon immigration with a connecting flight.  
21941	Can I change terminals in Heathrow to access airport lounges?	I have a long layover in Heathrow, like 6 hours, and I have a Priority Pass card to access several lounges on terminals 1 and 3. But I will be arriving to T5, and leaving from there as well. Is there any way to change terminals so I can relax at some lounge? 
21950	What medical supplies should I take with me on a walking / biking trip in New Zealand?	I plan on going to New Zealand for the summer months. I hope to hike a lot there, but also use a bike for longer distances. I assume I will be on my own in the nature for 2-3 days, then in an inhabited area for a while to re-supply and enjoy things the city/town has to offer, and then back to the nature.  What sort of medical supplies should I bring with me on such a trip?  I assume some bandages and some disinfectant in the case of a light cut, but I'm also thinking of stuff like Norit.  Would anyone with some experience on this mode of travel know what a first-aid kit should contain? 
21954	Shower at Heathrow during Layover in Terminal 5	Reading the other questions here, I am not too hopeful, but this is the perfect site to find the answer if it does exist:  Facts:   I arrive at T5 (British Airways) at 08:30, depart at 11:40 from T5 (British Airways) to another country. No time once I reach final destination to shower, Leave straight from work to catch the first leg. US citizen + passport, only final destination visa (currently)   Desire:  I want to shower - 10 mins is plenty.  Assume money is no object (pay for lounge access, cabs etc), but I'd rather not buy full ticket if I can avoid it.  Thanks! P.S. It's a wedding, so I REALLY want to shower before haha  EDIT: My plan so far (which doesn't work because it's after security):   Travel from T5 - T3  http://www.heathrowairport.com/heathrow-airport-guide/travel-between-terminals#table Use lounge  http://www.heathrowairport.com/heathrow-airport-guide/services-and-facilities/lounges   UPDATE:  I followed G &amp; Doc's advice and walked over to the Sofitel Hotel (immigration + walk ~20-25 min total), showered there for 25GBP, and walked back through security with plenty of time to spare.  Thank you all for your help! 
21957	Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?	Me and my family is travelling from San Jose, Costa Rica to New Delhi (India) via following itinerary  San Jose (United Airlines) - Houston (United Airlines) - Frankfurt (Lufthansa) - New Delhi  We have 2 hrs transit at Frankfurt and we have a valid B1/B2 U.S. Visa. I called up German Embassy in San Jose and they said that you require a Airport Transit Visa but seeing in various forums and online on German embassy's website I see that though transit is required for Indian Citizens but an exception is there if you have a valid U.S. visa. I am not sure what type of U.S. Visa are they talking about here. Does my B1/B2 visa hold as an exception for transit in that rule?  I am not sure if I need to get the transit visas or not and feel that embassy guys just didn't listen to me properly before giving me a verdict of getting a Transit Visa. 
21957	Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?	Me and my family is travelling from San Jose, Costa Rica to New Delhi (India) via following itinerary  San Jose (United Airlines) - Houston (United Airlines) - Frankfurt (Lufthansa) - New Delhi  We have 2 hrs transit at Frankfurt and we have a valid B1/B2 U.S. Visa. I called up German Embassy in San Jose and they said that you require a Airport Transit Visa but seeing in various forums and online on German embassy's website I see that though transit is required for Indian Citizens but an exception is there if you have a valid U.S. visa. I am not sure what type of U.S. Visa are they talking about here. Does my B1/B2 visa hold as an exception for transit in that rule?  I am not sure if I need to get the transit visas or not and feel that embassy guys just didn't listen to me properly before giving me a verdict of getting a Transit Visa. 
21957	Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?	Me and my family is travelling from San Jose, Costa Rica to New Delhi (India) via following itinerary  San Jose (United Airlines) - Houston (United Airlines) - Frankfurt (Lufthansa) - New Delhi  We have 2 hrs transit at Frankfurt and we have a valid B1/B2 U.S. Visa. I called up German Embassy in San Jose and they said that you require a Airport Transit Visa but seeing in various forums and online on German embassy's website I see that though transit is required for Indian Citizens but an exception is there if you have a valid U.S. visa. I am not sure what type of U.S. Visa are they talking about here. Does my B1/B2 visa hold as an exception for transit in that rule?  I am not sure if I need to get the transit visas or not and feel that embassy guys just didn't listen to me properly before giving me a verdict of getting a Transit Visa. 
21957	Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?	Me and my family is travelling from San Jose, Costa Rica to New Delhi (India) via following itinerary  San Jose (United Airlines) - Houston (United Airlines) - Frankfurt (Lufthansa) - New Delhi  We have 2 hrs transit at Frankfurt and we have a valid B1/B2 U.S. Visa. I called up German Embassy in San Jose and they said that you require a Airport Transit Visa but seeing in various forums and online on German embassy's website I see that though transit is required for Indian Citizens but an exception is there if you have a valid U.S. visa. I am not sure what type of U.S. Visa are they talking about here. Does my B1/B2 visa hold as an exception for transit in that rule?  I am not sure if I need to get the transit visas or not and feel that embassy guys just didn't listen to me properly before giving me a verdict of getting a Transit Visa. 
21984	Why does Orbitz continually show flights that don't exist?	I'm looking for a flight from Cape Town (CPT) to Atlanta (ATL), and I see some I like on both Matrix Airfare Search and Orbitz (thanks to answers on my other question:    But when I try to book the flight on Orbitz, I'm told the flight is no longer available:    I would assume this means the last flight at that price was just recently booked, and I'm out of luck.  Immediately after selecting a flight, and being shown the yellow banner above, if I do another identical search, the missing flight is removed from the list.  If I come back an hour later (as confirmed just now, for the flight above), the phantom flight has returned.  I have experienced this behavior consistently now over the last week or more.  It's not just a problem with a single airline, either.  When I'm returned to the list of results at Orbitz, the top 4-6 cheapest flights do the same thing, from a variety of airlines. And it happens on all dates (I've tried Dec 2013, Jan 2014 and even as far out as March 2014).  What gives? Where are these phantom flights? 
21957	Require Airport Transit Visa in Germany?	Me and my family is travelling from San Jose, Costa Rica to New Delhi (India) via following itinerary  San Jose (United Airlines) - Houston (United Airlines) - Frankfurt (Lufthansa) - New Delhi  We have 2 hrs transit at Frankfurt and we have a valid B1/B2 U.S. Visa. I called up German Embassy in San Jose and they said that you require a Airport Transit Visa but seeing in various forums and online on German embassy's website I see that though transit is required for Indian Citizens but an exception is there if you have a valid U.S. visa. I am not sure what type of U.S. Visa are they talking about here. Does my B1/B2 visa hold as an exception for transit in that rule?  I am not sure if I need to get the transit visas or not and feel that embassy guys just didn't listen to me properly before giving me a verdict of getting a Transit Visa. 
22017	Driving from Zurich to Milan in the winter	I am driving from Zurich to Venice. What kind of kind of driving conditions can I expect in mid December, especially through the mountains? Are the roads well maintained? 
21992	How do I find out whether my flight has WiFi?	Sometimes on the ticket it is not clearly mentioned whether the flight supports Wi-Fi. Is it safe to turn on the Wi-Fi on electronic devices whilst on board to see if the flight supports it? 
22027	Waiting list and confirmation for trains in India	I've booked a ticket to Belgaum for today but it shows WL/44.  Does that mean I'm on a waiting list? Should I cancel the ticket or go to railway station and check? 
22027	Waiting list and confirmation for trains in India	I've booked a ticket to Belgaum for today but it shows WL/44.  Does that mean I'm on a waiting list? Should I cancel the ticket or go to railway station and check? 
22032	If I have Schengen visa, can I enter Schengen area from different country?	Let's say I have Schengen visa issued by Dutch embassy as business visa for business in Holland. Can I fly to Frankfurt and spend some time in Germany and then come to Holland?   I know I can travel to all Schengen countries with this visa, but I am not sure whether I can enter from different country. 
22038	I'm a foreigner, can I fly inside USA with my USA visa if my passport expires?	My passport expires this coming January 2014, I'm planning to travel in February (domestic flight).  I have read that you can travel inside the USA with any government issue ID, Last time I traveled I show my visa on step of my passport, and the airline woman went to the first page of my passport on step of looking at my visa information that contains my picture and information, so I didn't try it with the TSA agent.  I still have my foreign ID from my original country that expires 2018, can I use this with no problem? I rather use my visa since is an American issue document, is in English and easy to understand on step of my Spanish national ID.  I don't have time to renew my passport because it takes from 1-3 months. 
22054	Can I get my Schengen visa reissued in Germany?	I have lost my passport with my Schengen visa in Germany.  I have just acquired a new passport but no visa yet and I need to travel ASAP. I am a foreign exchange student in Germany. What can I do to travel? 
22054	Can I get my Schengen visa reissued in Germany?	I have lost my passport with my Schengen visa in Germany.  I have just acquired a new passport but no visa yet and I need to travel ASAP. I am a foreign exchange student in Germany. What can I do to travel? 
22051	How to deal with travel excitement?	How does one usually deal with excitement about travel, prior to travel ? A lot of people feel them butterflies in their stomach before a big travel is coming up. Is there an effective way to put these feelings away ? Or how can one best deal with such excitement/feelings (which almost cause interference with day to day activities) ? 
22050	Driving through every country in Europe	I'm thinking about planning a trip where I drive though every country in Europe. I know that there are people who have driven though every state in the US. There is information online about their plans, the trip, and the time it took. However I can't find much about this kind of thing in Europe.  I'm looking for strategies, other people's attempts, or successes. Driving is not necessary a requirement either, taking the train for some of it would be fine, possibly preferable.  So how would I go about it? Is there a prefered place to start? What constraints do the existence of connections (roads, trains, ferries) impose? 
22080	Cheap method from Hamburg to Paris	What is the cheapest way to travel from Hamburg to Paris and back? I think flights are comparatively expensive, specially, as I know of no Ryanair hub around there. A slower way than flying is acceptable, but it should not take too long, at least not more than a day to travel. 
22065	Visa for a Chilean citizen joining a tour from a US agency	I have a friend in Chile (Chilean citizen) with whom we wanted to go on a tour in Italy (January 2014).  I am from the USA, and to make things easier, I was planning to order a tour locally from somewhere like Globus or Virgin-Vacation for both of us, and then to arrive to Rome (me from USA, she from Chile) and meet there to start the tour (get picked up by the tour operators to hotel and so on).  However, she had some concerns recently, because she was speaking about this with their local tour agents. What they have told her, is that she could get deported if she does not present the right documentation for her stay in Italy (which I found very odd, but wanted to make sure once again that she will not have possibility of such problems). Another thing that they have told her is that supposedly it is compulsory for her to have tour insurance to be able to go to Italy? (Is this really true? even for me, tour insurance is optional, if I understand it correctly). My gut feeling tells me like those tour agents are just trying to sell her their own tour packages, however, I want to be sure what is true and what is not.  She will have a return ticket, obviously (with a connecting flight most likely in Spain or Portugal). The tour invoice should also include her name and information of each hotel and rail pass there (any problems of it being ordered from tour company in a different country?). I also know that Chileans have no need to have visas to go to Italy or any Schengen area. 
22087	Do i need a valid Visa to change flights in London?	I am an Indian Citizen and currently in US for past 1 year, my US Visa has been expired and now going back to India to get my visa Extended. I have booked a flight in which i have to change my flight in Heathrow, London. Since i dont have a valid US Visa, will it be problem for me to change my flights. If yes then what should i do without cancelling my tickets 
22088	My last name is not the same on ticket as on passport; rest of details are same	I'm traveling from JED Saudi Arabia to Singapore by Saudi airlines. My last name doesn't match the passport. But all other details are same, e.g. passport no., DOB, etc.  
22092	Is 50 minutes of transit time ample in Amsterdam airport?	Arriving in AMS in a Delta flight from Bombay at 7 AM. Departure at 7.50 AM in a KLM flight flying to Detroit. On a single leg ticket. Is this going to be time enough? Or should one just bolt as soon as the flight lands?  A google just shows the layout of the airport and there don't seem to be dedicated terminals for airlines.  Edit In case the connecting flight is missed. On a ticket which is non refundable (non - everything - as this was the cheapest ticket), what happens when one misses a connection? Whose responsibility are the next steps? What should be the next steps? Reading other questions about AMS, with 50 minutes, it seems that the luggage is sure to be delayed. Sigh.  Edit 2 It's been a while, but when I was transiting, 50 minutes was pretty ample enough. 
22095	Do airlines fly directly over the North Pole?	I always like flying to/from north America, since the route usually goes over Greenland. I do like the idea that I am only 10 km away from this inaccessible land. I would love to be able to say that I have been that close to the north pole. Unfortunately, so far my journeys remained to the more southern parts. Do airlines fly directly over the north pole and if so what route should I take to have the best chance? 
22109	How to declare value of checked in luggage?	In case of lost baggage, based on what does the airlines calculate value of lost baggage (and reimburse)? The replies to this question suggest buying insurance, but if one doesn't want to do that is there a way one can declare the value of belongings in checked in baggage ? 
22113	Is it possible to check Hong Kong duty free prices for alcohol online?	On an upcoming trip, I'm flying from London to Hong Kong, spending a few days there, then carrying onwards to Australia. I've generally found the arrivals duty free stores in Australia to be fairly poor value, so I'm therefore planning to buy things before I arrive.  One option is to buy things in Heathrow, then pack it in my suitcase while in Hong Kong, before flying on. The other is to buy things in Hong Kong before boarding my flight.  The Heathrow duty free website isn't great, but it does manage to list the prices of many of the things they sell (but by no means all, or least not that I can find...) Fine for getting an idea though of prices, and pretty good on their special offers.  I've looked in the Duty Free section of the Hong Kong airport website, which lists where the duty free shops are, but I can't seem to spot prices either there or linked from there. Since I'll be in HK second, if I discover Heathrow was cheaper it'll be too late...  Is it possible to check the rough or exact prices of duty free alcohol in the Hong Kong airport online? Or failing that, does anyone know roughly how prices compare with somewhere like Heathrow? 
22114	Boarding a train in India at another station	I have booked a ticket on a train from Mumbai to Chennai and boarding at Pune. Since my schedules have changed, I will be in Mumbai on that day. Can I board the same train in Mumbai in my own ticket and claim the seat/berth? 
22142	How can I find out what places in Central Europre can be reached in a given time from a city by public transport?	When traveling, I'm often interested in visiting the surrounding area. Unfortunately, map distance doesn't necessarily relate well to travel time, especially when considering public transport.  There is a question specifically asking about travel from Oxford or Cambridge, but that's not were I'm usually staying. Are there any more generic solutions, particularly for central Europe? 
22137	At what kind of eateries can you have a lamb roast in Australia?	Apart from being in a homestay or being invited to someone's house, where mum can cook a lamb roast, where can you have a lamb roast in Australia?  I'm more asking in terms of what kind of eatery you'd go to, rather than a specific restaurant. Would you go to a pub, a club, an up-market restaurant, a buffet place like Sizzler's, or somewhere else?  Related question: What foods must I try while visiting Australia? 
22137	At what kind of eateries can you have a lamb roast in Australia?	Apart from being in a homestay or being invited to someone's house, where mum can cook a lamb roast, where can you have a lamb roast in Australia?  I'm more asking in terms of what kind of eatery you'd go to, rather than a specific restaurant. Would you go to a pub, a club, an up-market restaurant, a buffet place like Sizzler's, or somewhere else?  Related question: What foods must I try while visiting Australia? 
22151	Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?	I'm getting more interested in traveling to view Magna Cartas because it looks like I've seen three out of four 1215 copies plus two others.  However it's very difficult to get a concrete answer as to where the non-1215 copies reside in order to view them.  The 1215 copies are on view at:   the British Library (x2) Salisbury Cathedral Lincoln Castle   Wikipedia lists another 10 on view at:   the Bodleian Library (1217 x3 and 1225) Durham Cathedral (1216, 1217 and 1225) Hereford Cathedral (1217) the Australian Parliament, Canberra, Australia (1297) the National Archives, Washington D.C., U.S.A (1297.  The only privately owned copy.)   The British locations align with the list at a dedicated Magna Carta website but it's hard to say if this list is exhaustive.  To confuse matters the Hereford Cathedral copy (at a minimum) is going on tour through some of the U.S. in the coming year.  Are there any other permanent locations of Magna Cartas that people know of? 
22151	Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?	I'm getting more interested in traveling to view Magna Cartas because it looks like I've seen three out of four 1215 copies plus two others.  However it's very difficult to get a concrete answer as to where the non-1215 copies reside in order to view them.  The 1215 copies are on view at:   the British Library (x2) Salisbury Cathedral Lincoln Castle   Wikipedia lists another 10 on view at:   the Bodleian Library (1217 x3 and 1225) Durham Cathedral (1216, 1217 and 1225) Hereford Cathedral (1217) the Australian Parliament, Canberra, Australia (1297) the National Archives, Washington D.C., U.S.A (1297.  The only privately owned copy.)   The British locations align with the list at a dedicated Magna Carta website but it's hard to say if this list is exhaustive.  To confuse matters the Hereford Cathedral copy (at a minimum) is going on tour through some of the U.S. in the coming year.  Are there any other permanent locations of Magna Cartas that people know of? 
22151	Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?	I'm getting more interested in traveling to view Magna Cartas because it looks like I've seen three out of four 1215 copies plus two others.  However it's very difficult to get a concrete answer as to where the non-1215 copies reside in order to view them.  The 1215 copies are on view at:   the British Library (x2) Salisbury Cathedral Lincoln Castle   Wikipedia lists another 10 on view at:   the Bodleian Library (1217 x3 and 1225) Durham Cathedral (1216, 1217 and 1225) Hereford Cathedral (1217) the Australian Parliament, Canberra, Australia (1297) the National Archives, Washington D.C., U.S.A (1297.  The only privately owned copy.)   The British locations align with the list at a dedicated Magna Carta website but it's hard to say if this list is exhaustive.  To confuse matters the Hereford Cathedral copy (at a minimum) is going on tour through some of the U.S. in the coming year.  Are there any other permanent locations of Magna Cartas that people know of? 
22151	Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?	I'm getting more interested in traveling to view Magna Cartas because it looks like I've seen three out of four 1215 copies plus two others.  However it's very difficult to get a concrete answer as to where the non-1215 copies reside in order to view them.  The 1215 copies are on view at:   the British Library (x2) Salisbury Cathedral Lincoln Castle   Wikipedia lists another 10 on view at:   the Bodleian Library (1217 x3 and 1225) Durham Cathedral (1216, 1217 and 1225) Hereford Cathedral (1217) the Australian Parliament, Canberra, Australia (1297) the National Archives, Washington D.C., U.S.A (1297.  The only privately owned copy.)   The British locations align with the list at a dedicated Magna Carta website but it's hard to say if this list is exhaustive.  To confuse matters the Hereford Cathedral copy (at a minimum) is going on tour through some of the U.S. in the coming year.  Are there any other permanent locations of Magna Cartas that people know of? 
22155	Is there a map or resource that represents the distance in terms of time instead of Km or Miles?	Based on this question I started wondering if there is a world map (or local maps) that reflect the distance between points in terms of time to travel and not Km or Miles.  I know such resource is not easy and it depends on a lot of variables. It will also show a completely different world. But I think it can be very useful to choose destinations and start high-level travel planning. 
21830	Are there deals for multiple domestic flights in Argentina?	I'm planning to visit Argentina for 1 month in January and will most likely be flying 4 domestic flights. (Buenos Aires → Ushuaia, Ushuaia → El Calafate, El Calafate → Bariloche, Bariloche → Buenos Aires).  Is there any kind of "package" deal for multiple flights like this or do I buy each flight separately? What are the luggage weight limitations for domestic flights in Argentina? 
22168	KUL-MNL-KUL - I will only use my MNL-KUL	I have this concern about my KUL-MNL-KUL ticket. Can I only use my MNL-KUL ticket? Since I will be coming from Manila on the that time. Do they honor my ticket even I didn't show up on my KUL-MNL? 
22179	Is it possible to travel to Israel if it's not recognised by your passport's country?	I'm wondering if it's possible for passport holders of countries that do not recognise other countries to travel to that particular country. Israel is not recognised by the Malaysian passport, so would it be possible for a Malaysian (passport holder) to travel to Israel and just not have their passport stamp, or would Israel refuse the bearer entry/visa? 
22175	Can I carry One office laptop, one personal laptop and one Surface tablet?	I am returning from US to Bangalore. I was travelling on B1 Visa. While going to US, I was carrying one Laptop from Office. I have ID for this Laptop as well.  In US I have purchased a Laptop ($399) and one Surface Tablet($199). Will I be charged in the customs? If yes, How much? 
22175	Can I carry One office laptop, one personal laptop and one Surface tablet?	I am returning from US to Bangalore. I was travelling on B1 Visa. While going to US, I was carrying one Laptop from Office. I have ID for this Laptop as well.  In US I have purchased a Laptop ($399) and one Surface Tablet($199). Will I be charged in the customs? If yes, How much? 
22164	When backpacking, what is the best way to protect my valuables?	What is the best way for me to protect my valuables on my upcoming trip to Europe? I will not have the luxury of staying in Hotels all of the time, and will be backpacking a lot of the time. I have both a large rucksack, as well as a fanny pack. Is there a certain spot that is best to put my items?  My valuables consist of:    My Wallet with ID/Cash/Passport etc... My Camera (Point &amp; Click, not a DSLR.) My SmartPhone (Fairly Large, 6" Screen.)   So, besides shoving them in the bottom of one of my bags, is there a better option?  Note: What about pickpockets? 
22179	Is it possible to travel to Israel if it's not recognised by your passport's country?	I'm wondering if it's possible for passport holders of countries that do not recognise other countries to travel to that particular country. Israel is not recognised by the Malaysian passport, so would it be possible for a Malaysian (passport holder) to travel to Israel and just not have their passport stamp, or would Israel refuse the bearer entry/visa? 
22179	Is it possible to travel to Israel if it's not recognised by your passport's country?	I'm wondering if it's possible for passport holders of countries that do not recognise other countries to travel to that particular country. Israel is not recognised by the Malaysian passport, so would it be possible for a Malaysian (passport holder) to travel to Israel and just not have their passport stamp, or would Israel refuse the bearer entry/visa? 
22190	Besides Arab/Muslim countries re Israel, are there other countries which don't recognize passports of any other countries?	It is pretty widely known that quite a few Moslem and Arab countries do not recognize Israeli passports because they don't recognize Israel as a country.  I am pretty sure there are other places recognized as countries by most other countries, but not all; and/or places recognized as countries by only a minority of other countries.  Which, if any, countries do not recognize the passports of which other countries? Is Israel really the only case as asserted in a comment on a recent question?    Yes I know the term "country" is particularly tricky in this question where some and maybe most people don't regard a place to be a country, but at least that place and some other countries do.  Answers should focus on places which issue their citizens passports. For some places which assert they are countries their citizens have passports issued by another country, as is the case with South Ossetia and Abkhazia, whose citizens can obtain Russian passports. 
22190	Besides Arab/Muslim countries re Israel, are there other countries which don't recognize passports of any other countries?	It is pretty widely known that quite a few Moslem and Arab countries do not recognize Israeli passports because they don't recognize Israel as a country.  I am pretty sure there are other places recognized as countries by most other countries, but not all; and/or places recognized as countries by only a minority of other countries.  Which, if any, countries do not recognize the passports of which other countries? Is Israel really the only case as asserted in a comment on a recent question?    Yes I know the term "country" is particularly tricky in this question where some and maybe most people don't regard a place to be a country, but at least that place and some other countries do.  Answers should focus on places which issue their citizens passports. For some places which assert they are countries their citizens have passports issued by another country, as is the case with South Ossetia and Abkhazia, whose citizens can obtain Russian passports. 
9530	Is it a good idea to keep your home timezone sleeping pattern when traveling to a far timezone?	I will be traveling to a timezone 10 timezones ahead of mine. I need to be productive and work while I am there. I can't afford jet leg when I get there and then jet lag when I get back.  Is it ok for me to keep my home timezone sleeping pattern, essentially staying awake at night in the new timezone, and sleeping during the day in the new timezone? Someone told me this would severely mess me up. 
22201	Will I be required to be in possession of Direct Airside Transit Visa for UK if I have a valid F-1 student visa for the US?	I will be traveling alone to India from the United States by British Airways via London Heathrow. I am an Indian passport holder and I am in the US on a valid F-1 visa. Although Indian citizens fall under those who require DATV, I've seen on several websites that one can be exempted from this if he/she has a non-immigrant visa of the US/Canada and a confirmed return ticket. I meet both these requirements. Do I still need to get a visa? I would rather not, since I would have to travel for a whole day to get to and from the nearest embassy and my finals are right around the corner.  
22186	What ground transportation is available between Torres Del Paine and Los Glacieres?	I have discovered from this website a bus line:  http://www.busespacheco.com/rutas.htm  However it does not look like it has a route between Los Glacieres national park and Torres Del Paine national park.  How does one get from one to the other via ground transportation ? 
22201	Will I be required to be in possession of Direct Airside Transit Visa for UK if I have a valid F-1 student visa for the US?	I will be traveling alone to India from the United States by British Airways via London Heathrow. I am an Indian passport holder and I am in the US on a valid F-1 visa. Although Indian citizens fall under those who require DATV, I've seen on several websites that one can be exempted from this if he/she has a non-immigrant visa of the US/Canada and a confirmed return ticket. I meet both these requirements. Do I still need to get a visa? I would rather not, since I would have to travel for a whole day to get to and from the nearest embassy and my finals are right around the corner.  
3624	Are there ways to call "international" toll-free phone numbers?	I just had a lot of grief changing a plane ticket from a somewhat exotic location.  It involved calling with Skype from Tbilisi Georgia to the nearest office for my airline in Istanbul Turkey.  It turned out the office's booking system for the airline was having some trouble but he told me I could call the airline direct on a toll-free number. He assured me it would work even though I didn't expect such things to work internationally.  I tried using Skype and I tried using a Georgian mobile phone. I couldn't get either to work.  So that's the back story. The actual question is Is there a way to call "international" toll-free phone numbers?  The reason for the scare quotes on "international" is because it's a vague term. It may mean either of these things:   Something like 800 / 0 800 / 1 800 numbers that can be called from any country. Toll-free number in country A that can be called even if you're in country B. In which case you'd need to use the country code as well as the 800 / 0 800 / 1 800 part somehow.  
22216	How do you call a local service number, when abroad?	I need to call a local service number, but I am out of the country. I am calling a local service a number a short phone number that is easy to memorize or where the receiver is either earning money, or paying the call. In Belgium these numbers are of the format 0800-xxxx, 0900-yyyy 070-zzzzzzz. I am aware that different countries have similar service numbers.   Is it at all possible to call these service numbers if you are out of the country? If I need to be specific about a country, I need a solution for Belgium. 
22217	What's the cheapest way to fly to Cuba?	I supposed that getting to Cuba by flying from neighboring countries will be much cheaper than the same from Europe, but I have realized that fly prices from Cancun or Miami are very expensive (about $500, that's a 20-30% less than from Europe). And even from other islands there is a high fee to pay. Now I'm looking for alternatives, other cities where I can fly cheaper or, even, ferries, cargo or cruisers which could me take to Cuba for less money. What's the cheapest (and legal) way to get to Cuba from other country? 
22247	Can my mother meet my BF in T5 first class lounge even though she flies to/from T2 & T3?	I have been trying to look for an answer, but couldn't figure it out. I hope someone can help.  My mother flies into Heathrow on Dec 22nd from Copenhagen (Scandinavian Airlines) to terminal 3.  She has a 6h layover. Then she flies from T2 to L.A with Virgin Atlantic.  The same day and during the same hours, my boyfriend will be landing from LA and traveling to Copenhagen- he wants to take her to the T5 BA first class lounge and have a coffee and meet up before Xmas.  Questions is: Is it possible for my mother to take a train from Terminal 2 to Terminal 5 and go through security and meet him? 
22247	Can my mother meet my BF in T5 first class lounge even though she flies to/from T2 & T3?	I have been trying to look for an answer, but couldn't figure it out. I hope someone can help.  My mother flies into Heathrow on Dec 22nd from Copenhagen (Scandinavian Airlines) to terminal 3.  She has a 6h layover. Then she flies from T2 to L.A with Virgin Atlantic.  The same day and during the same hours, my boyfriend will be landing from LA and traveling to Copenhagen- he wants to take her to the T5 BA first class lounge and have a coffee and meet up before Xmas.  Questions is: Is it possible for my mother to take a train from Terminal 2 to Terminal 5 and go through security and meet him? 
22282	How useful are bitcoins when it comes to traveling?	Access to money while traveling can be an issue. You might loose your cards and/or wallet or you need to repay someone from another country  Are bitcoins worth considering? To me it sounds like an ideal way to get money transfered quickly, but once you have the bitcoins can you actually use them to pay for your travel expenses.   So far I have only heard of pubs accepting bitcoins. So yes you can pay with bitcoins in a specific pub when traveling through England. Can you however already pay you hotel, plane ticket or repay a debt to a fellow traveler with bitcoins? 
22289	Can hotel kick me out into ice storm if I don't have more money?	I've been staying in a hotel for the past month. I work to pay the bill on a daily basis. We are in an ice storm, there's no work. I can't pay. The officials say stay put, Can they kick me out if I can't pay? 
22296	Schengen visa maximum duration of stay exceeded due to flight change	​I am on business visit in Italy with ​​Schengen visa having validity of one year.   My stay planed was from 19th Sept 2013 (entry) to 17th Dec 2013 (expected exit).  Due to some reason ​airways have changed it to new date i.e. 18th Dec 2013. The change of flight date is not under my control.  I have checked with visa calculators that on 1​8th Dec it will be my 91st day.  Is it fine to travel with changed tickets?  What may be the consequences? 
22296	Schengen visa maximum duration of stay exceeded due to flight change	​I am on business visit in Italy with ​​Schengen visa having validity of one year.   My stay planed was from 19th Sept 2013 (entry) to 17th Dec 2013 (expected exit).  Due to some reason ​airways have changed it to new date i.e. 18th Dec 2013. The change of flight date is not under my control.  I have checked with visa calculators that on 1​8th Dec it will be my 91st day.  Is it fine to travel with changed tickets?  What may be the consequences? 
22293	What is proper etiquette on bringing one night stands to a hotel room?	somewhat related to "Can a hotel kick you out if you let an unregistered guest share a room with you?":  In the, alas, completely hypothetical scenario where I'm out in a foreign town and just happen to meet someone, I wonder whether it would be acceptable to take them with me to my (single occupancy) hotel room. I'd expect that to differ a lot in different countries.  Always booking double rooms isn't a solution, since good things happen only when you don't expect them. 
155	Eco touring/diving in Malaysia	I've been SCUBA diving in KotaKina Balu. It was my intent to go to Sipidan, but couldn't make it, so I stayed in KKB. I'm looking at a return trip to Malaysia for some more diving, but also want an area with some eco-touring, without returning to northern Borneo. Does anyone have any knowledge of where in Malaysia that has good eco-tourism and SCUBA? I will also consider Brunei. 
22334	Is possible to visit all Iceland sights in April/May?	I have a couple of holiday weeks between the end of April and the first week of May and I'm wondering if Iceland is a good destination for that period. I've read that 2-3 weeks is enough to visit all the country's sights, so my idea is to visit each one, but I don't know if this will be possible or not due the snow level and other climatological issues.  
22335	Is a 4x4 a must in Iceland in April/May?	To rent a 4x4 small car is about 740 € (2 weeks) vs a small compact that is just 260 €. I have some experience driving off-road and I know that a "normal" car cannot go through some f-roads I've seen in pictures. In the other hand, my budget is limited, so I'd like to know if a 4x4 car is really a "must" in end of April. This question talks about a similar topic in August, but I expect a very different weather in April/May. There, the accepted answer states:     You do not need a 4x4 on "normal" roads. If you plan to stay on the   primary roads you can get by fine without one   It's still true in April?  Of course I want to have access to every tourist attraction (Geysir, Gullfoss, Vatnajokul, Landmannalaugar, Jokulsarlon...) and it could be very frustrating to not visit a sight because we cannot access to it. In case that only a couple of interesting sights were impossible to visit without a 4x4, if there is an alternative (public bus for instance) it will be ok for me and will rent the non 4x4 car. 
5364	Schengen visa for UK citizen?	Since I am a UK citizen I require a Schengen VISA to pass through Europe when I go travelling this year.  However where do I get one, I have checked the EU Parliament site and cannot find anything about it.  Where is the official place to get one? I see there are sites online that do the application for you for $30 however they seem a bit risky.  How long does the Schengen last for?  How much does it cost?  Do I need to reapply for it after entering a new EU country?  One site says you get it from the country you will be spending the most time in (which for me will be France), is this true?  Sources   http://www.visaguru.co.uk/schengen-visas.html http://www.schengenvisa.cc/ http://www.theschengenoffice.com/explained/schengen_visa.html  
22341	Should I avoid Shanghai because of air quality problems?	I have seen a number of reports and pictures of the current problems in Shanghai due to air quality. Is it dangerous enough that I should stay away? I am scheduled to spend three days there teaching a course indoors. 
22348	Can you just charge your phone/ipad/laptop at the airport at any outlet?	Recently, a guy got arrested for charging his Nissan Leaf. I don't have an electric car yet, but I do this so often. That is, when I am traveling and I see an outlet I feel free to charge my gadgets. Given the conversations I usually have - charging your gear is the new smoking ;) - I am not the only one.   Are we all stealing electricity and risk prosecution?   
22348	Can you just charge your phone/ipad/laptop at the airport at any outlet?	Recently, a guy got arrested for charging his Nissan Leaf. I don't have an electric car yet, but I do this so often. That is, when I am traveling and I see an outlet I feel free to charge my gadgets. Given the conversations I usually have - charging your gear is the new smoking ;) - I am not the only one.   Are we all stealing electricity and risk prosecution?   
22363	Small, warm towel on an airplane - what is it for?	While traveling with a overnight flight, I was given a moistened, warm tissue during the flight (it was a night time long distance flight). That was my first long distance (several hours) flight.  I did not know what to do and returned the tissue later when they came to collect them.  What are these tissues and what are we supposed to do with them? 
22365	Is December & January a good time to visit East Malaysia (sabah region, Borneo) for its wildlife?	Area: the sabah region in Borneo (Malaysia)  Time: end of December or begining of January  Activity: wildlife (Orangutan Center, Monkey Sanctuary, Turtle Island)  related Backpacking to East Malaysia, where to start? where to end? 
12850	Backpacking to East Malaysia, where to start? where to end?	When travelling to East Malaysia (Sabah and Sarawak), what is the recommended starting town? and which town should be the final landing point? I will be flying from KL and going back to KL afterward.  The plan is to at least visits the famous towns. 
22387	How do I find cheap flights when I don't care about the date?	I more often than not don't really care about travel times, I would happily seek out the cheapest time within a 2-3 month period.  All the online sites I come across give you the option to select a date with a variation of -7/+7 days.  I would like to know if there is a site that will just find me the cheapest prices but that is more relaxed on the date.  I am from the UK, any specific sites are preferred. 
22395	Can you buy duty free alcohol at Hong Kong International Airport for travel to Australia?	Currently, Australia has tough restrictions on liquids for both departing and arriving flights. These mean that for a flight to Australia, you will be re-screened before boarding the plane, with liquid restrictions in force again at this point.  As we saw with an earlier question on Kuala Lumpur airport, this is that you can't buy duty free in Europe and take it with you to Australia on a "direct" flight, as you won't be allowed to take it with you through security when boarding the 2nd part of the flight. (Your only option would be to only check your bags as far as the change of planes, then collect your bag, clear customs and immigration, put the duty free in your suitcase and re-check. This'll only be possible on a long layover, and is impossible on the usual 1-2 hour stop on most "direct" Europe to Australia flights)  At some airports with direct flights to Australia, it's possible to purchase duty free at the airport, and have it delivered in a secure way for collection at the gate. (This is different to many airports, where they put your duty free in a bag at the till and give it to you, and may be something they only do for Australia flights). At other airports, they don't offer this, so you're unable to buy any duty free liquids before boarding, and have to buy them (at normally much higher prices) on arrival in Australia.  What's the situation at Hong Kong International Airport - can you buy duty free liquids for delivery to the gate, or are Australian-bound passengers unable to buy? 
22394	Travelling from US to Sri Lanka, do I need transit visa for Canada?	Passport : Sri Lankan Holding a valid US Visa (F1). Spending only 3.15 hours at Toronto Airport. Flying in through United and leaving to my next layover (London) in Air Canada. 
22413	How can I convert my French driving license to a Massachusetts driving license?	I live in Boston, I plan to stay there for around 5 months and I have a French international B driving license. 
22406	Will airlines object to me booking separate "legs" of the same journey individually?	I want to purchase a separate ticket from San Francisco to New York and then fly from New York on the same day with a separate ticket to Germany.  I can save money by doing this but do not know if airlines allow this. I'm interested in answers for relevant for both legs on a single airline, or on separate airlines. 
22429	Schengen visa for Amsterdam and Paris	I am flying from Johannesburg to Paris. I want to spend a couple of days there. Then I am going to Amsterdam with the train to spend a couple of days there. I am flying back from Amsterdam to Johannesburg.  I did apply for my Netherland visa (Schengen visa) - do I need to apply for another visa for Paris as well? 
22429	Schengen visa for Amsterdam and Paris	I am flying from Johannesburg to Paris. I want to spend a couple of days there. Then I am going to Amsterdam with the train to spend a couple of days there. I am flying back from Amsterdam to Johannesburg.  I did apply for my Netherland visa (Schengen visa) - do I need to apply for another visa for Paris as well? 
22435	Schengen Visa - Change of Destination?	I have a Schengen Visa that I issued from the German embassy back in 2011 (it's still valid till mid-2014). I never actually went to Germany though.  It says visa type: C, multiple entries, 90 days duration.  I want to go soon to France and from there to Italy. My understanding is that I will have to first enter from Germany though, is that correct? Also, at the top, it says valid for: "Schengener Staaten" which I take is Schengen states, but it also has a "D" for  Deutschland on the far right. What does this "D" mean. Only valid for Germany? Or that entry must be via Germany? 
22437	Will Schengen grant me visa which covers the transit time in Romania?	I am living in UK and I want to visit Romania for few days for conference purpose. As I know, if I hold a Schengen visa, I can stay in Romania up to 5 days without applying for another visa. However, I am wondering, will a Schengen state (for example, Hungary) grant a visa which will cover my period in Romania as well? If I book a ticket UK-Romania-Hungary-UK, will the visa cover my whole journey because Romania is not a Schengen member? 
22437	Will Schengen grant me visa which covers the transit time in Romania?	I am living in UK and I want to visit Romania for few days for conference purpose. As I know, if I hold a Schengen visa, I can stay in Romania up to 5 days without applying for another visa. However, I am wondering, will a Schengen state (for example, Hungary) grant a visa which will cover my period in Romania as well? If I book a ticket UK-Romania-Hungary-UK, will the visa cover my whole journey because Romania is not a Schengen member? 
22437	Will Schengen grant me visa which covers the transit time in Romania?	I am living in UK and I want to visit Romania for few days for conference purpose. As I know, if I hold a Schengen visa, I can stay in Romania up to 5 days without applying for another visa. However, I am wondering, will a Schengen state (for example, Hungary) grant a visa which will cover my period in Romania as well? If I book a ticket UK-Romania-Hungary-UK, will the visa cover my whole journey because Romania is not a Schengen member? 
22440	How often do businesses refuse Massachusetts Liquor ID as a proof of age?	http://wikitravel.org/en/Massachusetts says:     Many establishments in Boston and Cape Cod will not serve to out of   state visitors under 25. Get a Liquor ID, a state ID card available to   non-residents from the Registry of Motor Vehicles if you'll be in the   area for awhile, costs $25 for five years of validity. Note that under   Massachusetts law, the only acceptable proofs of age for purchase of   alcoholic beverages are the Massachusetts driver's license and the RMV   Liquor ID card. Out-of-state driver's licenses, and even passports,   are not acceptable.".   However, I heard that the Massachusetts Liquor ID is not always accepted  as a proof of age (entrance to nightclubs/bars or buying alcohol at liquor stores). How likely is it? 
22437	Will Schengen grant me visa which covers the transit time in Romania?	I am living in UK and I want to visit Romania for few days for conference purpose. As I know, if I hold a Schengen visa, I can stay in Romania up to 5 days without applying for another visa. However, I am wondering, will a Schengen state (for example, Hungary) grant a visa which will cover my period in Romania as well? If I book a ticket UK-Romania-Hungary-UK, will the visa cover my whole journey because Romania is not a Schengen member? 
22394	Travelling from US to Sri Lanka, do I need transit visa for Canada?	Passport : Sri Lankan Holding a valid US Visa (F1). Spending only 3.15 hours at Toronto Airport. Flying in through United and leaving to my next layover (London) in Air Canada. 
22449	Preparing money for a visit in Dubai	I plan to travel to Dubai and i know that they use AED (Dirhams) as curency. I'm from France and I would like to know if it is better to go to Dubai with American dollars or euros? Where should I exchange them? in France or in Dubai? 
22455	What should I do to avoid ear pain when flying?	I always feel a pain in my ears when flying. Specially when descending. The last time I had extreme pain, feeling it inclusive around my eye balls. It felt like someone was touching the eye and pulling it from the inside. I really had to focus, close my eyes and hold to avoid screaming. I am not sure but I think both things might be related. Such a severe situation only happened once.  I just heard that with a cold the ear pain gets worse. I am bit worried that I might go through that situation again. I have a cold and I am going to fly soon.  What can I do to improve this?  I see that some consider this a duplicate of the question "best way to make my ears pop" but after reading the answers I think my question goes a bit beyond that since my pain is more extreme and I think it goes beyond just popping the ears. I also want to know if other methods, like using earplugs, might be effective. 
22460	How does the US Visa Waiver Program 90 day rule apply to someone who has been studying in Canada?	I have been studying in Canada (Victoria, BC) for one semester. I have Austrian citizenship.  I entered Canada by flying Vienna – Paris – Seattle – Victoria on August 22, 2013. A few days later I took the ferry to Seattle and had a round trip to Anchorage (Alaska), and then I took the ferry back to Victoria on August 28, 2013.  My next trip is on Tuesday from Victoria via Vancouver to Portland. Then the next day I will travel from Portland to Seattle. And on December 19, 2013 I will fly from Seattle to Miami. I will then stay in Miami for one week, then take a domestic flight to New York. I shall spend New Year in New York, and then finally, I am going back to Austria on January 5, 2014 from New York.  During my semester I did not travel to the US.  As I am a short term student, I don't need any visa for Canada. However, I used the ESTA Visa Waiver Program for my trips. Do I have to apply for a new one or do I have to change anything?  Yesterday I discovered that the visa waiver program only allows stays up to a maximum of 90 days. And there is a weird regulation that if you go to Canada you are still within the 90 days.  I am trying to do everything to avoid canceling my trip to Miami and New York. Do you have any idea on how I should proceed?  I contacted the American Embassy in my home country, and they say that I might face problems. 
22474	What does "M" signify in Emirates Economy flight	I have got my Economy class flight tickets in Emirates, and the booking class is "M". I have heard this signifies something.  Please could someone throw some light on this? 
19894	Do we need to pick up our luggages and re-check them in YVR?	My family will fly from Sydney Australia (SYD) to Newark USA on Air Canada but connecting at Vancouver (YVR). Do we need to pick up our luggage in YVR and recheck in them? If we have to, where can we recheck in the luggage?  We have 8 hour connecting time in YVR, are we able to go to Vancouver for sightseeing? 
19894	Do we need to pick up our luggages and re-check them in YVR?	My family will fly from Sydney Australia (SYD) to Newark USA on Air Canada but connecting at Vancouver (YVR). Do we need to pick up our luggage in YVR and recheck in them? If we have to, where can we recheck in the luggage?  We have 8 hour connecting time in YVR, are we able to go to Vancouver for sightseeing? 
22522	Will my luggage be delivered to final destination?	Tonight I will be leaving Rome to go to Boston, with a stop in Frankfurt. Both legs are operated by Lufthansa, and I already checked-in online and have both boarding passes, but will my checked-in baggage be directly delivered to Boston after I leave it at a drop-off counter or will I have to check it in again at Frankfurt?  
22440	How often do businesses refuse Massachusetts Liquor ID as a proof of age?	http://wikitravel.org/en/Massachusetts says:     Many establishments in Boston and Cape Cod will not serve to out of   state visitors under 25. Get a Liquor ID, a state ID card available to   non-residents from the Registry of Motor Vehicles if you'll be in the   area for awhile, costs $25 for five years of validity. Note that under   Massachusetts law, the only acceptable proofs of age for purchase of   alcoholic beverages are the Massachusetts driver's license and the RMV   Liquor ID card. Out-of-state driver's licenses, and even passports,   are not acceptable.".   However, I heard that the Massachusetts Liquor ID is not always accepted  as a proof of age (entrance to nightclubs/bars or buying alcohol at liquor stores). How likely is it? 
22511	Travelling to Romania on a short stay Schengen visa issued by France?	I am Tunisian and I have single entry short stay Schengen visa issued by the French embassy. I live in United Arab Emirates, is it OK to go from United Arab Emirates to Romania and stay there for 5 days and come back to United Arab Emirates? If not, what would I have to do? 
22558	Is there a best time of day and day of the week to book affordable flight tickets?	I think it is safe to say that flying on the weekend is probably going to be more expensive than during the week. Releated: Are there certain days of the week or weeks in a month (barring major holidays) that are generally cheapest for flights?  I am also not asking about The release date of the (cheap) airline tickets for a given day which talks about getting the first available tickets.  I am curious about booking, specifically, about tickets which were already available. Is there a specific time and day of the week which is the cheapest to book during?  I only ask because I saw an interview once where it was implied that the bookings held for the week which were not actually booked are released at a certain point. This person had said theirs were released Tuesday at noon EST and that the resulting increase in available bookings dropped prices compared to the previous day.  Is there any truth to this? Is there a best time of the week to book (as in actually purchase the tickets, not as in the arrival time/date)? 
22560	Travelling to the US on the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) to attend a job interview	I am a UK citizen who has been invited to the US for the purposes of an onsite interview in a few weeks' time. I have been looking online for an answer to this question and have found many conflicting reports (for examples of such differing opinions google terms like 'vwp job interview' and read the many answers).  While applying online using the ESTA form I came across this question (emphasis mine):     D) Are you seeking to work in the U.S.; or have you ever been excluded and deported; or been previously removed from the United States or procured or attempted to procure a visa or entry into the U.S. by fraud or misrepresentation? *   There is no additional context to this question such as 'on this visa' and so looking at it objectively it seems that the only correct answer in my scenario is to answer 'yes' - I am seeking to work in the US, albeit in many months time if and when the company a) offers a job and b) acquires an appropriate work visa.  Clearly answering 'yes' to this question is the 'wrong' answer and looks very much as if it would result in a rejection. I do not wish to answer 'no' and be seen as having lied due to the above reasoning (especially if asked at the border what the intention of my trip is - the truth is that I am there to attend a specific interview and leave).  I'm asking here because I cannot find anywhere official that states whether this scenario counts as 'seeking to work in the U.S.' or not. I have only found several people across the web who are utterly convinced of their own reading of the phrase 'seeking to work' and their implicit assumption of non-existent context in the question.  The company in question now tells me I need a B1 visa instead which I have begun the process for, however I am not convinced yet that this is required for my situation, considering my trip will be 2-3 days only. I have tried emailing the embassy in London but it will be a few days before I potentially hear back.  Thank you for any help you may offer.  EDIT: After reading links in the comments, an additional question is in regards to the difference between the B1/B2 and the VWP - does a B1/B2 visa offer anything regarding job interviews to the holder aside from more time in the US (which in this scenario is not an issue)? This pdf for example does not include mention of a job interview and is linked from this VWP page giving the impression that the two paths of entry are functionally the same in terms of business travel. If anyone knows of an official statement regarding the visa to use for pre-arranged job interviews then this would be extremely useful.  UPDATE: I have received an email response from the London Embassy. They state:     If you are travelling to the United States exclusively for an interview or meetings, you may do so on a B-1 business visitor or visa-free under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) if you are otherwise eligible. Please be aware that you are not permitted to undertake any work on a B-1 visa or the VWP and must obtain the relevant work visa in order to do so.      At the time that you apply for entry to the United States you will be require to demonstrate that your purpose of travel is appropriate for visa-free travel or the visa you hold, and that you intend to comply fully with your conditions of entry and that you have sufficiently strong social and economic ties to your country of residence to compel you to depart the United States at the conclusion of a temporary visit.      Immigration officials at the port of entry make the final determination of each individual’s eligibility to enter the United States.   I am still looking for written confirmation about the answer to give to question D) above. It looks as if the answer is simply that the question is worded terribly and that in fact the correct answer is to say 'No' - but this is not directly confirmed yet.  FINAL UPDATE: I successfully traveled using the ESTA (marking no for the aforementioned question) and had no problems at the border when explaining that I was visiting for a job interview. On my landing card I marked that my trip was for business purposes. I didn't even have to show any documentation other than my passport (I had printed my ESTA confirmation, hotel information, interview confirmation etc.) but obviously this may vary. Hopefully this question helps anyone in a similar situation. 
22511	Travelling to Romania on a short stay Schengen visa issued by France?	I am Tunisian and I have single entry short stay Schengen visa issued by the French embassy. I live in United Arab Emirates, is it OK to go from United Arab Emirates to Romania and stay there for 5 days and come back to United Arab Emirates? If not, what would I have to do? 
22569	Pre-war travel ban	Reading a wikipedia article on the invasion in Iraq I saw something about a pre-war travel ban. Googling it I only found one news article relating to that.  I know that some ministries of foreign affairs advise not to travel to certain countries because of a dangerous situation, but as I understand you're still free to go there on your own risk.  Could someone explain how a travel ban works? Do other countries just get to hear that they are not allowed to give visa to passport holders of the country that issued the ban? Or is the country that issues the ban holding back direct travel to the banned countries, still leaving room for indirect travel? 
22567	Travelling from India to Montreal	Do I need a transit visa at London and Boston if I book a flight from India to Montreal, which requires change of flight at London and Boston?  If possible or required can anyone elaborate the conditions on which i require a transit visa and also the cost of the transit visa? 
22413	How can I convert my French driving license to a Massachusetts driving license?	I live in Boston, I plan to stay there for around 5 months and I have a French international B driving license. 
22574	Baggage allowance inquiry with two different airlines in one ticket	I am flying with two different airlines in one ticket. Finnair from Helsinki to Vienna and Qatar airways from Vienna to manila. Which airline baggage policy should I follow? There is no indicated baggage allowance in my electronic ticket. 
22593	I want to get lost in France for at least three weeks	Examples from  popular culture are abundant, deserted french villages, skinny dipping in lakes without being caught, extreme silence except the wind and the sudden cry of a vulture. I would love to spend some time in the summer experiencing this loneliness in France. I would expect to find this in areas like the Ardèche or the Auvergne, but each time the place seems to be flooded with tourists.   Is this just possible in the imagination of filmmakers, or is it still possible to experience extreme silence in France? Btw birds are okay! The place should be remote and preferably one should not meet a person for multiple days on a row.  
21383	Does Japan have pubs or bars?	In jmac's answer to "Where can I socialize with young Japanese people?", one suggestion given was bars:     For night life, bars tend to be the best choice (over Izakaya or Night   Clubs) because they are focused on smaller groups of drinkers and are   generally quiet enough to talk in. These can be found in almost any   city, though they probably won't start filling up on weekdays until   after 7 or 8pm.   I was surprised at this, because I thought Japan didn't have pubs or bars. Does Japan have pubs or bars? If they do exist, I'd want to visit them.  To be clear, I'm not talking about hostess bars or "Girls' bars", nor "Philippines pubs" (フィリピンパブ), which, according to uncovery, are hostess bars where the staff are Filipino, which often have live music or karaoke.  I've seen plenty of izakayas, which are places that serve food as well as drink, and generally look a bit more like the Japan of yesteryear than that of today, without seeming to be "fake".  I also visited a British-style pub in Nagoya, but I felt it was deliberately British-themed and a novelty, rather than appearing as something normal in Japan. The pub was called "Oxo" - official site, critical blog post about it stating that the decoration was authentic, but the food wasn't.  By contrast, I am asking about something that doesn't go out of its way to portray itself as British or Irish or Aussie, but is similar to bars or pubs in western countries.  I don't recall seeing any such bars or pubs in Japan, and Wikivoyage says they don't exist much. Am I just looking in the wrong parts of Japan? 
22614	Schengen Visa for two stopover in Germany?	I'm a Indian Citizen staying in the US (with valid US visa) and I am Planning to travel to India with two stopovers in Germany (only connecting flight in Frankfurt &amp; Munich). Do I need a Schengen visa for travel?  
22614	Schengen Visa for two stopover in Germany?	I'm a Indian Citizen staying in the US (with valid US visa) and I am Planning to travel to India with two stopovers in Germany (only connecting flight in Frankfurt &amp; Munich). Do I need a Schengen visa for travel?  
21056	Can you still travel to a Schengen country on a Schengen visa, even if your UAE residence visa is expiring next month?	I'm planning to travel to Europe (Malta) for a few days this coming Eid holidays. I still have a valid Schengen visa (valid until next month), but my UAE Residence Visa is expiring next month. I hold a Philippine passport. Just wondering if this will be an issue. 
22623	Zazen meditation and stay in Tokyo Japan (shukubo)	I have seen similar question here:  Zen meditation in Kyoto, Japan  so I decided to ask for almost the same, but in Tokyo.  What temples can be recommended for temple lodging (shukubo) perhaps for 2 - 3 day?    I am interested in zazen meditation, but also other, let's call it 'activities' - like preparing Miso or lecture about Sutras - for example.  And I can't create 'zazen' and 'buddhism' tag - because I have not enough reputation ;) 
22625	When to hug, kiss, shake hands, or even "fist bump" in Europe?	I have to ask this because I'm Asian and we don't do any of these things there. I have been living in the UK and Germany for a while and I still can't understand how to do all of that in Europe.  If I don't know what to do, what's the best thing to do to stay safe and not insult people? I was in an awkward situation when I shake her hands instead of hugging.  
22625	When to hug, kiss, shake hands, or even "fist bump" in Europe?	I have to ask this because I'm Asian and we don't do any of these things there. I have been living in the UK and Germany for a while and I still can't understand how to do all of that in Europe.  If I don't know what to do, what's the best thing to do to stay safe and not insult people? I was in an awkward situation when I shake her hands instead of hugging.  
21673	Do I need to get a DATV to transit through the UK on a F1 visa?	Need some advice regarding my travel to India this holiday season. I am an Indian national, currently in the US on a F1 visa. I am working full-time with an IT consulting firm as part of my OPT. I have a flight reservation with British Airways which is, Atlanta-London(LHR)-Mumbai. The layover at London is 11 hours 40 mins. Also to mention my F1 visa is valid until May 2015.   After going through the UKBA website I understand that I am eligible for the 'Transit without visa' concession. Do you think my understanding is correct or should I obtain the Direct Airside Transit Visa? 
22643	Travelling while afflicted with Delhi Belly?	We've got a great existing question on how to avoid Delhi Belly, but what happens if you're afflicted with it but still need to travel? For example, you have a non-changeable travel booking, or your visa is about to expire and you just need to leave the country. In such a case, staying put in your accommodation near the bathroom isn't an option...  In the situation where you just need to travel, what can you do to minimise your problems while you're suffering from a GI infection? 
22661	True current process of extending Mongolian tourist visa	I'm in Ulaanbaatar with just a few days left on my tourist visa, but Christmas is also only a few days away so I would prefer to stay here a bit longer than spend Christmas doing border crossings.  A Mongolian tourist visa lasts for 30 days. (I'm from Australia if there are any variations on the 30 days part).  I had a rough check online before I came and got the impression that obtaining a visa extension sounded fairly easy.  But now that I'm here and checking more thoroughly I'm finding conflicting information, outdated information even on official-looking websites, and far too many "fake" web pages with copypasted rubbish about embassies, consulates, visas, etc. It's really difficult to know which pages are not fake and which of the genuine ones are up to date.  For instance one website that seems genuine is from the Mongolian consulate in Australia but they still list an address that travellers in forums say is wrong, so I don't trust any info on the site.  Forum posts tend to be a few years old or at best are about people who applied for their extension early, which seems to be recommended or even mandatory.   What is the actual true procedure to obtain a tourist visa extension in Mongolia? Is it only possible if you apply in your first three or first seven days after arriving in the country? How much does it cost? (For an Australian citizen if that matters.)   (I'm assuming I'd get a further 30 days.) 
22669	How can I measure and log the amount of radiation while being on a plane?	I am a sensorophile. I like to measure and keep logs of anything. Sometimes it is even pathetic to the extent that I am really disappointed if I am not able to read the registration codes of a plane I have traveled on. (e.g. When boarding a Fokker 100 from a jet bridge it is almost impossible to read its registration given the obstruction by the engines.)    I would extend my logging to the levels of radiation I am exposed to on any flight.  Is there any way that I can measure and more importantly log that personal exposure to that radiation?    
22665	Stopover of 5 hours at tokyo NRT should I buy transit visa traveling from US to India	I am traveling on American Airline from Los Angles LAX to Bangalore,India on 23 dec 2013 there is layover and change of flight at Tokyo NRT and Malaysia. Layover time at NRT (4.20pm-9.40pm) is 5 hours should I but transit visa?   I have F1 visa and Citizen of India.  I searched there was an old answer (to buy transit visa only if layover of overnight we need to buy) any new updates? 
22670	Transiting from Ghana to Trinidad via U.S.A	I will be booking a flight from Ghana to Trinidad and Tobago but the flight will first go through the U.S.A. The layover time at the JFK airport is quite long and I will like to have a short tour of New York before I check in for my next flight. Will I be able to leave the airport if I don't have a visa or ESTA? I'm confused, please help me. 
22670	Transiting from Ghana to Trinidad via U.S.A	I will be booking a flight from Ghana to Trinidad and Tobago but the flight will first go through the U.S.A. The layover time at the JFK airport is quite long and I will like to have a short tour of New York before I check in for my next flight. Will I be able to leave the airport if I don't have a visa or ESTA? I'm confused, please help me. 
22679	How do I travel with musical instruments?	How can I travel to another country (by plane) and take my instruments with me?  I live in Greece and I want to go to the USA with my double and electric bass.  I found this question, but it is limited to traveling in the states. 
22700	How to choose a cafe/coffee shop when travelling?	Sometimes when travelling, you discover there's only one place doing coffee, so you don't have a lot of choice. In other cases, there's no where at all, so you have to get your caffeine fix another way...  Other times, you find yourself with a lot of choice, say 4-6 cafes and coffee shops in a small area that's new to you. If you were after food, our existing question on picking a restaurant could help out. If all of them were well known chains, it may not be too hard. However, if you find yourself somewhere with say one local chain, one place you can't tell if it's a small chain or not, and the rest independent, how might you best pick?  For the case of this question, we're after a well made coffee, from interesting and appropriately roasted beans, without paying a fortune. 
22700	How to choose a cafe/coffee shop when travelling?	Sometimes when travelling, you discover there's only one place doing coffee, so you don't have a lot of choice. In other cases, there's no where at all, so you have to get your caffeine fix another way...  Other times, you find yourself with a lot of choice, say 4-6 cafes and coffee shops in a small area that's new to you. If you were after food, our existing question on picking a restaurant could help out. If all of them were well known chains, it may not be too hard. However, if you find yourself somewhere with say one local chain, one place you can't tell if it's a small chain or not, and the rest independent, how might you best pick?  For the case of this question, we're after a well made coffee, from interesting and appropriately roasted beans, without paying a fortune. 
22709	What is this Queensland lizard/dragon, and is it friendly or dangerous?	I've spotted quite a few large lizards around Brisbane's parks, such as in Roma Street Parklands. Today, while I sat in a park by the river, one scuttled over. I took his photo, then he pushed himself up high showing off his red chest, and looked distinctly unhappy about me being there.    At this point a gaggle of German tourists spotted him and ran over to take his picture, which caused him to make a dash for the nearest bush. I therefore didn't get to discover first-hand if he (or she!) was dangerous or not.  The FourSquare page on Roma Street Parkland has quite a few tips about these, calling them variously lizards and dragons. Some seem to suggest they are friendly, others that they're dangerous, but I'm not sure if all of these entries are serious.  Does anyone know what kind of lizard / dragon / reptile these are? And from that, if they're dangerous or not?  In case it helps, here's a slightly closer photo of another one I came across a few days ago:   
22724	Can I fly in a cargo airplane?	Is there a way to fly on a cargo plane as a passenger? Any airlines offer such an experience? I know there are some seats at the front of cargo planes, perhaps these can be used? 
22736	Are there tips and tricks to overcome a fear of flying?	Are there tips and tricks for people with fear of flying that can makes them have a more pleasant experience when flying? I know drugs can do magic, and we've previously had debate on pills vs alcohol. I'm ideally after official advice and recommendations, but other tips and tricks would be nice as well. 
22749	Is there a thematic train trip based on Christmas?	For some unknown reason to me trains and Christmas are related. There are movies about it and during Christmas I always see miniature trains and tracks being sold a lot more.  I enjoy traveling by train very much. I was wondering if there is a train trip somewhere where the theme is Christmas?  It's not a requirement at all, but if the trip is somehow near one of these places, that would be very nice. 
22735	Is there a ferry running from Mwanza (Tanzania) to Kisumu (Kenya)? Schedules?	I would like to travel by ferry from Mwanza in Tanzania to Kisumu in Kenya. Is there a ferry on that route / something close to it, and if so are there published schedules for them? 
21226	Best options for crossing Lake Victoria by ferry	I'm looking for the best option for crossing lake Victoria between Uganda (Entebbe) and Kenya (Kisumu) in either direction.  Before anyone suggest earthwise I have attempted calling them (number not found) and have emailed them, and as yet no reply.  My criteria for best is:    Reliable (runs to a regular schedule, but I'll settle for running)  Safe (details of safety equipment and recent mishap record) Cost  
22757	Visiting Greece with back-to-back Schengen visas (One from Germany, other from Italy)	I have a Schengen Visa issued by Germany, which expire on 11th Jan 2014, and I can remain in the zone till 11th Jan 23.59 PM. I have already visited Germany in the past with this visa, so I can travel whenever in Schengen zone directly from my country (Turkey).  I have a second Schengen Visa issued by Italy, which START on 12th Jan 2014, such that I can remain in Schengen zone from 12th Jan 00.00 AM onwards (I'm putting times to clarify which dates are inclusive).  I would like to travel to Greece with this visa: Entering the country on 6th January, and leaving the country on 19th January.  Is this allowed? Or do I have to leave the country first, and then re-enter through Italy? 
22796	How to find out if a Canadian cellphone works abroad?	We already have a US equivalent question and the Canadian cell-phone marker is equally twisted with most carriers being helpful at telling what technologies and standards they use. As I am about to go to Mexico and would like to bring my Motorola Charm cellphone running on Rogers' network, this is perfect time to found out how to do this homework :)   Given an already-owned cellphone and which runs on an existing network. How does one find out if a phone will work on a specific destination country? How to find out if it will accept a local SIM which would give better rates  than roaming?   For using a local SIM, obviously assume the phone is unlocked. Mine is. 
22813	SCS Implant airport security fears	I'm having a spinal cord stimulator implant fitted soon and travel a couple of times a year to European destinations, although am planning a trip to the USA too:) My concern is although I will be given an i.d card stating I have the implant I will still be subjected to the scanner which I have been told will wipe the memory of the equipment. I have titanium rods/screws etc., in my leg/hips already and have been on the floor being subjected to a 'search' after I set the alarm off previously. Really nervous this will get worse once the implant is in place and I won't be going anywhere if they wipe the programmer. (The implant involves a battery (approx 6"x5") being inserted into the tummy wall with leads up the epidural space and then leads to the pain areas in your body so to an x-ray I will look extremely suspicious:/). Has anybody had problems going through airport security or do I get assisted travel? 
22772	Theme parks about Japan outside of Japan	What theme parks in countries other than Japan are there about Japan?  They should be in countries that are accessible to Japanese people, so easy visa access to Japanese citizens, and support for Japanese or English-speaking tourists would be a positive.  Ideally they should be mainly about Japan, rather than a theme park about a large number of countries which just happen to include Japan.  I tried googling, but mainly got hits about theme parks in Japan about other countries. 
22815	How to visit Stonehenge from Bristol or Bath?	Next April we are going to spend 3 days in Bristol. We want to visit Bath and Stonehenge using public transport. I assume there will be a lot of trains/buses connecting Bristol and Bath, but I would like to know which is the best option to visit Stonehenge from one of these two cities. 
22840	Cheaper alternatives to travel to Hokkaido?	I have looked up on ways to get to Hokkaido from within Japan (particularly from Tokyo or Osaka) or even directly to Hokkaido first before travelling to other parts of Japan, but they all seemed rather expensive. Taking the train seems to be the most popular way to get to Hokkaido, but the the train ticket is pretty expensive. This is only transportation. I will be travelling to Japan in February and the accommodation during this time at Hokkaido isn't cheap too because of their winter season.  Are there other cheaper alternatives to travel from within Japan to and tour around in Hokkaido? 
22850	Is it possible to appeal a refused Schengen visa? (Germany short stay holiday visa was refused)	I am from Sri Lanka and applied for a short stay holiday visa to Germany for two weeks from 30th Dec 2013 to 11th Jan 2014 with my two children age eight and ten. My husband did not apply due to his leave not being approved by his company.  But my visa application was refused and the reason mentioned was "your intention to leave the teritory of the member states could not be ascertained".  Can I appeal against that? And what documents would I need to appeal? I already gave my proof of my properties, company letter, our tax file, business registration, funding deatails etc. 
22881	Can tourists or other travellers in China get in trouble for using a VPN or other method to get around the "Great Firewall"?	The People's Republic of China blocks some very popular websites used throughout the rest of the world including Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. This is known colloquially as the "Great Firewall of China" (防火长城 fánghuǒ chángchéng).  I'm in China for the second time on this trip. During my previous stay a friend set up a VPN (virtual private network) for me so I could use Facebook, which is my main means of keeping in touch with friends and family. VPNs are the usual answer for bypassing the GFW.  Due to the holiday season I haven't been able to get VPN sort out yet on this visit, but I'm hoping to have it soon.  But I've started to wonder, since they block these sites, do they have laws stating that you cannot try to circumvent them? Or if there are no laws do we have any anecdotal reports from foreigners about getting into trouble with the authorities, either officially or unofficialyy, for getting around the state web censorship?  Where can I read about any such laws and punishments? 
22900	Connecting flight in Dubai	I will be traveling from Oslo to Dubai through Doha with Qatar airways. When I arrive in Dubai I have 80 minutes to my next connecting flight (which is a separate ticket booked with the same airline) back to Doha again. By doing this you can save a lot money! But I`m wondering how the baggage is handled in Dubai before my flight back to Doha again?  
22916	Can I pick up my luggage between flights with the same company?	I have a flight from Madrid to Aalborg with a stop in Amsterdam. The connection time betweeen the flight from Amsterdam and Aalborg it´s 1 hour and a half. The thing is that I want to stay in Amsterdam for a week and I want to pick up my checked in luggage at the Amsterdam airport. Can I do that if the flight it´s with the same company (KLM for instance) ?  I mean I can tell them that I want to pick up my luggage in Amsterdam right? 
22844	If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?	When traveling for leisure most people have flexibility in which dates they can choose off before hand and have a priority to travel in the most cost effective means possible. Either to enable them to take a trip which they would not otherwise have been able to take, prolong their trip, or get a higher class of accommodations for the duration of their trip.  When thinking about a trip the majority of people tend to think about things in the order in which they will happen. This typically looks something like:   Where do I want to go? (i.e. what attractions/advantages does this location present) How will I get there? Where will I stay once I'm there? What will I do while I'm there? How will I get around in my local city.   A typical approach might be to go to a industry travel website such as Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, et. al. and search for air fares to various places deciding and trying varying dates along the way or using the flex date option provided. This will of course give you an idea of the airfare however this is only a chunk of the total cost, albeit a sizable one.  While airfares tend to be far more volatile than say hotel or car rental prices making a decision on dates based on airfare alone could cost you to miss out on other price savings you could have gotten if you had not picked dates based purely on airfare alone. How should you go about determining which dates you should take off?  Are there any applications that exist that make it easy to help tabulate all this data and make a decision based on the entire picture? 
22766	Adapter in Koh Chang?	My wife and I are planning to visit a hotel in Koh Chang Thailand in January. Does anyone know if an adapter is needed?  We are from Sweden. According to Wikipedia we use CEE 7/4, commonly called "Schuko" socket, has a recessed round shape with two symmetrical round sockets and two earthing clips on the sides of the socket.  I have heard that is depends on where in Thailand you are. This is our first time on this island. 
22929	Is there a tourist destination where the new year starts first and at the same time the old year ends last?	We were brainstorming where to celebrate the next new year. It would be fun if it is possible to be the first in the new year to then with minor traveling enjoy yet a bit of the old year. Is there such a location on the dateline where this is possible?   PS both the north and south pole are off limits. 
22949	Where to buy zafu (can be secondhand) in Tokyo or Kyoto	Tomorrow I will be travelling to Tokyo, and later to Kyoto. I am interested in buying a new or secondhand zafu, which is a special cushion for zazen meditation.  I already asked a similar question (but regarding Samue). I tried to search around, but didn't manage to get any confirmation that they can be bought in same areas. 
22957	Is smoking weed legal or just tolerated in Colorado?	On 1.1.2014  at least 24 pot shops opened in Colorado and I wonder if smoking marijuana is now legal or just tolerated as long as you don't smoke on the street (like in Amsterdam). What are the differences between Colorado and Amsterdam? Are there any restrictions for tourists? 
22899	is this a chip & signature amex?	  Well it looks like it has a chip in it so idk.  I ask because I'll be doing some international traveling soon and would like a chip &amp; signature amex. 
22972	What is the minimum age to drive a rental car in the US?	I recognized that renting a car in the US is allowed at the age of 21 or 25. But are 18 to 21 year olds allowed to drive it if their parents or another 25 year old person signed the contract? 
22975	Can I opt to disembark on a stop over (if I am a national of that country) before the second leg of the journey?	I am a seaman working on a cruise ship and my company arranges flights for our return home on completion of our contracts.  I am a New Zealand National and they have booked me a flight from Santiago to Sydney (Australia) which has a stop at Auckland (NZ).  I am then required to wait in Sydney before I can then catch the flight they have booked for me from there back to Wellington.  I have informed my company but they won't change my flight. What I wanted to know is if I could just disembark the plane at Auckland and arrange my own flight back to Wellington?  Could I inform the checkin in Santiago that I would want my bags off in Auckland?  Would there be any problems? 
22975	Can I opt to disembark on a stop over (if I am a national of that country) before the second leg of the journey?	I am a seaman working on a cruise ship and my company arranges flights for our return home on completion of our contracts.  I am a New Zealand National and they have booked me a flight from Santiago to Sydney (Australia) which has a stop at Auckland (NZ).  I am then required to wait in Sydney before I can then catch the flight they have booked for me from there back to Wellington.  I have informed my company but they won't change my flight. What I wanted to know is if I could just disembark the plane at Auckland and arrange my own flight back to Wellington?  Could I inform the checkin in Santiago that I would want my bags off in Auckland?  Would there be any problems? 
5779	What is the absolute cheapest accommodation in Kuwait (besides couch surfing)?	I hear that food and some other things are very cheap in Kuwait but that accommodation is "expensive".  Unfortunately the usual sources, such as Wikitravel don't say how much money "expensive" is.  Also I know there are many guest workers in Kuwait from much poorer countries, including the Philippines.  So what prices am I looking at for the cheapest places to crash? Are there hostels? Are there places to camp in a tent? Are there cheap hotels or something else intended for guest workers but where backpackers would also be able to stay?  I'm interested both for the entire country and for the capital, Kuwait City. 
22982	How cheap are the cheapest accommodations in Saudi Arabia?	So I know Saudi Arabia is know for being rich and for not issuing tourist visas.  But if somebody were to go there on some other type of visa, such as a business visa, and then attempt some independent backpacker-style tourism to experience, what would be the lowest price range for hotels or accommodation?  I know there are no hostels and I assume you can camp in a tent in the countryside for free. But I also know not everybody there is rich, and sometimes non-rich people still have to visit other parts of their country where they can't stay with relatives.  Also in rich countries there are often very large expat and guest worker populations. So there are conceivably hotels run by and for Indians and Pakistanis.  Assuming somebody that's not worried about the language barrier or staying in "no star" accommodation, what are the lowest prices for a bed or a room anywhere in Saudi Arabia?  (Aslo assume a non-muslim, not on a Hajj pilgrimage.) 
22985	Internet cafe with Wi-Fi in Hohhot, China?	This is my second time in Hohhot/Huhhot/Huhehaote, the capital of Inner Mongolia, China. I've been here one week this time.  But despite many scouting missions I seem to be unable to find what I think of as a regular Internet cafe or cafe with free Wi-Fi.  A place that provides somewhere to sit, power sockets, and a Wi-Fi signal you can connect to. Typically you pay for coffees and snacks but not for online time or megabytes.  Now that I know the characters I have been able to find many "Internet bars" 网吧. But they never have Wi-Fi and their computers only ever have a very limited version of Windows with a very limited version of Internet Explorer 6. The majority of modern websites, including Stack Exchange are not usable from them.  I'd prefer a cosy place that has food as well as hot drinks, but really I'm interested to know if there's any place at all with Wi-Fi and electricity. I'm right near the University where things like this would usually be.  (For comparison, such places are trivially easy to find in Seoul, and even common in Ulaanbaatar!) 
23005	Will I need a US visa	Flying from Heathrow on United Airlines, changing planes at Newark then taking another United Airlines flight to Costa Rica.  Do I still need a US visa.  Also, returning via Toronto, will I need a visa for Canada.  I am British. 
21770	Touring the Large Hadron Collider	Any ideas as to how one might go about getting a tour of the Large Hadron Collider? 
13608	Visiting CERN in Switzerland	Is it possible to visit the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) as a tourist to Geneva? Are there any guided tours? Which parts can be seen? 
22151	Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?	I'm getting more interested in traveling to view Magna Cartas because it looks like I've seen three out of four 1215 copies plus two others.  However it's very difficult to get a concrete answer as to where the non-1215 copies reside in order to view them.  The 1215 copies are on view at:   the British Library (x2) Salisbury Cathedral Lincoln Castle   Wikipedia lists another 10 on view at:   the Bodleian Library (1217 x3 and 1225) Durham Cathedral (1216, 1217 and 1225) Hereford Cathedral (1217) the Australian Parliament, Canberra, Australia (1297) the National Archives, Washington D.C., U.S.A (1297.  The only privately owned copy.)   The British locations align with the list at a dedicated Magna Carta website but it's hard to say if this list is exhaustive.  To confuse matters the Hereford Cathedral copy (at a minimum) is going on tour through some of the U.S. in the coming year.  Are there any other permanent locations of Magna Cartas that people know of? 
22985	Internet cafe with Wi-Fi in Hohhot, China?	This is my second time in Hohhot/Huhhot/Huhehaote, the capital of Inner Mongolia, China. I've been here one week this time.  But despite many scouting missions I seem to be unable to find what I think of as a regular Internet cafe or cafe with free Wi-Fi.  A place that provides somewhere to sit, power sockets, and a Wi-Fi signal you can connect to. Typically you pay for coffees and snacks but not for online time or megabytes.  Now that I know the characters I have been able to find many "Internet bars" 网吧. But they never have Wi-Fi and their computers only ever have a very limited version of Windows with a very limited version of Internet Explorer 6. The majority of modern websites, including Stack Exchange are not usable from them.  I'd prefer a cosy place that has food as well as hot drinks, but really I'm interested to know if there's any place at all with Wi-Fi and electricity. I'm right near the University where things like this would usually be.  (For comparison, such places are trivially easy to find in Seoul, and even common in Ulaanbaatar!) 
23041	Why do countries require validity of 6 months for passports?	Many countries require a passport to be valid for six months. Sometimes these six months are counted from the date of departure, or from the date of entrance. Even though some of these countries only legally allow you to stay for 30 days or three months. What is the reason such a requirement is in place in many countries? 
23062	Do I need to get USD to travel in Argentina?	I have heard that there is an "official" exchange rate in Argentina and a street rate which is much higher because currently, the locals are finding it really hard to get foreign currency.  When I travel I usually just withdraw money from an ATM. Does that mean that in this case, I should be bringing lots of USD to exchange?  Does it have to be USD? Do they accept Australian dollars at all?  I also heard it is technically illegal to do this, do I need to take any precautions? 
23085	Does an (almost) full passport increase the time you spend at immigration?	I have been in front of immigration officers who thoroughly inspect every stamp in my passport. Is it a proper inference that it is more efficient to travel on an "empty" passport then a fully stamped one?  Just a question whether or not you should renew a still valid passport. 
23098	Booking charter flights online?	There are many airlines in Europe which provide charter airline service to (mostly) holiday destination cities in the winter. For example, there is a direct flight from Prague to Sal in Cape Verde by Travel Service airlines (flight code QS4135) which cannot be found on regular flight search engines.  Is there a website which can search for such charter flights and (possibly) allow for their purchase? 
23115	e-cig on board 18 hour flight	Anyone know if I can bring my e-cig on an international flight to Australia?  If there is no "smoke" and only vapor what's to stop me from taking a drag while in the lavatory?  The smoke detector won't go off.  What if I exhale my vapor into my shirt sleve? 
22947	Pre-paid debit card in Canada	As government taxes on credit/debit card transactions occurring outside my country are high (traveller's checks/cards too), the cheapest way to pay my expenses is to buy Canadian dollars at an exchange store before leaving. The downside is carrying so much money, so I figured I could buy a prepaid debit card once in Canada.  I searched for such cards, but I either found some that require permanent resident status while most others are limited to $500. I'd be interested in a cheap (ie. low/no taxes, easy withdraw when leaving) card with a limit of at least 1500 to CA$2000.  Any suggestions? 
23133	What happens with checked luggage with an airport change?	I'm considering two Miami - Zürich flights, which connect at New York. Both start MIA - JFK, but one continues with JFK - ZRH and the other with LGA - ZRH.  If I check my luggage at Miami, and take a cab from JFK to LGA, will I have to carry my bags and re-check them at LGA, or does the airline do this?  The cost difference (two people) is ~120 USD total. How much is the taxi, normally? Is an airport change worth the hassle? 
23133	What happens with checked luggage with an airport change?	I'm considering two Miami - Zürich flights, which connect at New York. Both start MIA - JFK, but one continues with JFK - ZRH and the other with LGA - ZRH.  If I check my luggage at Miami, and take a cab from JFK to LGA, will I have to carry my bags and re-check them at LGA, or does the airline do this?  The cost difference (two people) is ~120 USD total. How much is the taxi, normally? Is an airport change worth the hassle? 
23133	What happens with checked luggage with an airport change?	I'm considering two Miami - Zürich flights, which connect at New York. Both start MIA - JFK, but one continues with JFK - ZRH and the other with LGA - ZRH.  If I check my luggage at Miami, and take a cab from JFK to LGA, will I have to carry my bags and re-check them at LGA, or does the airline do this?  The cost difference (two people) is ~120 USD total. How much is the taxi, normally? Is an airport change worth the hassle? 
23169	Schengen visa for Thai wife residing in the UK with her British citizen husband	Apologies if this has been answered already but I couldn't quite find it.  I am a UK citizen, my wife is a Thai citizen.  We were married a year and a half ago in London, UK and she has a valid (marriage!?) visa to live and work in the UK for 2 and a half years.  She has 1 and a half years left on her current visa.  I own my own property outright which we live in within Greater London.  I work full-time.  We would like to take a 2 week holiday to Spain later in the year (2014)  Firstly would she be able to apply for a Schengen visa and if so what documentation would be required.    She works in a Thai restaurant that pays cash in hand which seems to be sort of normal here in London for that sort of thing so I'm not sure she has any proper employment documentation (P60/payslips or whatever).  Are these necessary?  She speaks good English anyway but is starting a part-time English course next week which may qualify her as a student if that helps at all?  Anything else she would need? eg  Insurance - I've read somewhere is mandatory!?  How long in advance would we need to apply? 
23169	Schengen visa for Thai wife residing in the UK with her British citizen husband	Apologies if this has been answered already but I couldn't quite find it.  I am a UK citizen, my wife is a Thai citizen.  We were married a year and a half ago in London, UK and she has a valid (marriage!?) visa to live and work in the UK for 2 and a half years.  She has 1 and a half years left on her current visa.  I own my own property outright which we live in within Greater London.  I work full-time.  We would like to take a 2 week holiday to Spain later in the year (2014)  Firstly would she be able to apply for a Schengen visa and if so what documentation would be required.    She works in a Thai restaurant that pays cash in hand which seems to be sort of normal here in London for that sort of thing so I'm not sure she has any proper employment documentation (P60/payslips or whatever).  Are these necessary?  She speaks good English anyway but is starting a part-time English course next week which may qualify her as a student if that helps at all?  Anything else she would need? eg  Insurance - I've read somewhere is mandatory!?  How long in advance would we need to apply? 
23169	Schengen visa for Thai wife residing in the UK with her British citizen husband	Apologies if this has been answered already but I couldn't quite find it.  I am a UK citizen, my wife is a Thai citizen.  We were married a year and a half ago in London, UK and she has a valid (marriage!?) visa to live and work in the UK for 2 and a half years.  She has 1 and a half years left on her current visa.  I own my own property outright which we live in within Greater London.  I work full-time.  We would like to take a 2 week holiday to Spain later in the year (2014)  Firstly would she be able to apply for a Schengen visa and if so what documentation would be required.    She works in a Thai restaurant that pays cash in hand which seems to be sort of normal here in London for that sort of thing so I'm not sure she has any proper employment documentation (P60/payslips or whatever).  Are these necessary?  She speaks good English anyway but is starting a part-time English course next week which may qualify her as a student if that helps at all?  Anything else she would need? eg  Insurance - I've read somewhere is mandatory!?  How long in advance would we need to apply? 
23169	Schengen visa for Thai wife residing in the UK with her British citizen husband	Apologies if this has been answered already but I couldn't quite find it.  I am a UK citizen, my wife is a Thai citizen.  We were married a year and a half ago in London, UK and she has a valid (marriage!?) visa to live and work in the UK for 2 and a half years.  She has 1 and a half years left on her current visa.  I own my own property outright which we live in within Greater London.  I work full-time.  We would like to take a 2 week holiday to Spain later in the year (2014)  Firstly would she be able to apply for a Schengen visa and if so what documentation would be required.    She works in a Thai restaurant that pays cash in hand which seems to be sort of normal here in London for that sort of thing so I'm not sure she has any proper employment documentation (P60/payslips or whatever).  Are these necessary?  She speaks good English anyway but is starting a part-time English course next week which may qualify her as a student if that helps at all?  Anything else she would need? eg  Insurance - I've read somewhere is mandatory!?  How long in advance would we need to apply? 
23171	Pre-paid accomodation necessary for Schengen?	I am applying for a Schengen visa (traveling to Netherlands), I wanted to ask if a pre-paid accomodation is necessary? I have booked through booking.com, gave them my credit card info but I'll only be charged when I am at the hotel. Is this acceptable for the visa application? 
23175	Transit Schengen Visa	Traveling back to US on the following itinerary:  Delhi - Munich - Zurich - Boston   Should I get the Schengen visa from German Embassy or the Swiss Embassy? 
23212	Do Indian citizens need a transit visa for a 3 hour layover at Tokyo, Japan?	I'm traveling to Singapore from San Francisco through Tokyo, Japan. I'm an Indian citizen and have a 3 hour layover at Tokyo, both ways. Would I need a Japanese transit visa? 
23202	London Eye in January: is it practical to just take my chances and not book in advance?	We're going to be in London (first time) for a few days at the end of January.  I understand that the London Eye is recommended if and only if the weather is clear, which doesn't seem to be a safe bet at that time of year.  I've heard varying reports about queue length.  I'm trying to figure out if I need to book a flexible ticket in advance (hoping there'll be a day we can use it) or if we can just show up should the weather cooperate.  So, my questions:   How much cloud cover or rain is enough that we shouldn't bother?  (I recognize that this is a subjective question.) If we just show up (don't book in advance), how long should we expect to wait (on a Sunday or weekday)?   (I've seen this question, but I'm not sure if the answer from December 2010 data applies to my situation.) 
23219	Flight connections in JFK	I have read on other questions, that you can get vouchers in JFK to make the immigration process easier and quicker. I come from a Lebanon which I think is more suspicious then others.  My first layover is in London for 2 hours, then my second on is in JFK for 2:50 hours before going to Nashville.  I'm just going there to see a friend so I travel on a Lebanese Passport with US Tourist Visa.   Will 2:50 hours be enough? I have to transfer from terminal 7 to terminal 8. ( Going with the British airways).   I am extremely stressing about this, because I have already completely booked my flight, and the travel agent didn't tell me anything about this, not until I started looking things up. Will things be ok?   Plus, do you think it's possible to ask the airways to get my bags to arrive on the very final destination? And not to JFK?  
23219	Flight connections in JFK	I have read on other questions, that you can get vouchers in JFK to make the immigration process easier and quicker. I come from a Lebanon which I think is more suspicious then others.  My first layover is in London for 2 hours, then my second on is in JFK for 2:50 hours before going to Nashville.  I'm just going there to see a friend so I travel on a Lebanese Passport with US Tourist Visa.   Will 2:50 hours be enough? I have to transfer from terminal 7 to terminal 8. ( Going with the British airways).   I am extremely stressing about this, because I have already completely booked my flight, and the travel agent didn't tell me anything about this, not until I started looking things up. Will things be ok?   Plus, do you think it's possible to ask the airways to get my bags to arrive on the very final destination? And not to JFK?  
23246	Accommodation that accepts foreigners in Dandong, China	Here in my hostel in Beijing there's a European couple who want to travel to Dandong, which is a city right on the North Korean border.  So Wikivoyage lists some suggested places to stay but, along with all the places in their Lonely Planet, none of the places will accept bookings from foreign guests.  Obviously this is deemed a sensitive area. But also obviously it was recently possible to stay in places listed in the aforementioned travel guides.  Are there some known hotels or other accommodation in Dandong which have permission for foreign guests to stay, or is the whole city now off-limits to tourists who wish to stay overnight?  If it's really not possible to stay in the city right now, the closest place nearby where it is possible to stay would also be of interest. 
22927	In which places in China can travellers not stay at just any random local hotel?	I have now heard a couple of times from different sources that in some parts of China you can't just stay wherever you feel like as a tourist.  I hitchhiked from the Lao border to the Mongolian border and never encountered such a problem. If I didn't know of a hostel or guesthouse I would just find a cheap hotel for around 50-70 yuan. It was generally pretty easy.  But I've met other travellers and also either been told or read online that in some areas you can't do this because only certain more expensive places have a licence or permission from the government to allow foreign travellers to stay.   I thought I once heard that this was a problem in the provinces with political unrest, such as Xinjiang province in Western China.  But then I thought I heard about it in areas near the big cities like Beijing or Shanghai.   One of these stories was from a Latvian guy in the same hostel as me in Xi'an about six weeks ago. I thought he was talking about the Beijing area after he finished the Trans Mongolian train trip, but I'm longer sure.  So is this something I should know about before heading west or east? In which parts of China is this the case?  If it's simple, just answer with the list of places. If it's more complicated, answer with a link to a resource with the actual situation.  Just to be clear, I'm not asking about places with general travel restrictions, such as needing a permit to visit Tibet, I'm just asking about where I can stay in any old hotel vs. where I can only stay in "approved" hotels.     Here's an article from six months ago making it sound all good: Foreigners Allowed! – Hotel Registration Tutorial Here's an article from just over a year ago making it sound all bad: Foreigners Are Still Banned From Most Hotels in China Here's a thread on TripAdvisor from just over a year ago full of conflicting reports: Are foreigners allowed to stay in any hotel in China?  
21597	Where to shower for free in Singapore airport?	I have a similar question to this Shower rooms at Incheon airport  My buddy has an 8 hour layover in Singapore. Is there any place where one could shower for free at Changi (Singapore) airport?  The one location mentioned on their site charges $9 for a shower!  
23244	What are the differences between French road signs and American road signs?	I'm looking for a comparison between French road signs and American road signs, just like this one regarding European road signs.  The more exhaustive comparison, the better, but I'm mostly interested in the most common road signs that are different between the USA and France (so that this question is not too broad for Stack Exchange). 
23291	As an Argentinian citizen, can I attempt to look for a job in Germany while touring?	I'm attempting to decide what to do of my holidays, and this just popped up on my mind a couple weeks ago.   My original plans included the possibility of, if the place is nice enough, trying to seek employment in there. This left a number of vacationing locations out (say, the US, Spain and Japan, for instance) of my planning.   I've been informally invited to Berlin by a German acquaintance, but she seems to not be entirely clear on the subject of whether I'd be able to, were I to actually like it there, attempt to get a job.   The German embassy hasn't been particularly helpful on that matter either, with them having an extremely broken phone attention that could only be reached once in my last 8 attempts.   Ignoring what my line of work is (requirements for software developers vary hugely and I guess would require a large enough specificity that would cloud the original question),   would I be legally able to attempt to get a job in Germany while there on a tourist visa?   EDIT: Quick clarification: I'm not asking for the legality of working while on inappropiate visa status, that's kind of clearly illegal. I guess my question is more like, can I somehow get in trouble for attempting get a job? And a second, kind of followup question would be, do I actually have to leave the country for any interval if someone somehow manages to find me employable?   Note that I haven't been there, so I'm not even clear on how any of this works either there or in this Schengen (I just had to google what this was) zone. 
23305	How to correct an error in the personal details of an Indian train ticket	We have booked a ticket online PNR from Mumbai Central to Ahmedabad for an upcoming trip.  My ticket Punita S (F 52) by mistake is selected Sex column as Male. So how to convert Male to Female? 
23311	What to do if denied boarding due to the airlines' fault?	Last week, my wife and I were traveling to the United States. During the beginning of the trip, the airline agent suggested that we re-route our trip to avoid some visa-related issues in UK because apparently my wife had an expired US visa and we were going to India to get it renewed - she recently got a job and had applied for a H1-B visa. We did have the proper documentation supporting this but the agent convinced us that we cannot take this itinerary. We agreed with him and paid him an additional $1500 to obtain a new set of tickets. Although I am not quite sure what the agent did, our return trip got canceled. After numerous calls to the airlines' customer care line, I understood that the agent did not make the changes properly because of which the outgoing flight marked us as "No Show" even though we completed the first half of the trip and automatically cancelled our return trip.   The call center agent informed us that it was not our mistake that this reservation got cancelled. After some long conversations with the customer care agent, we were offered an to be placed on an alternate route. However, because the total trip time exceeded 36 hours, we requested that we be placed on a different airline at the least. The agent ignored us and hung up on our request. Because we were not left with any other options, we booked another set of tickets to come back to US.  I have been depressed over losing such large amount of money (nearly $1500 for the one-way trip + an additional $3500 that I paid to buy another set of tickets) and am not sure what to do. I would be very grateful if the experts here can help me with the following: I am currently a graduate student in the US soon entering the job market. What is the safest way to seek retribution against what happened to us without affecting my future employment prospects? Should I even bother doing anything about this or is it lost money?  Trip Details:   Trip: Flying from United States to India and back Airlines: American Airlines (with part of the trip fulfilled by Emirates) Original Itinerary: Chicago ORD to Manchester, UK to Dubai to India Altered Itinerary: Chicago ORD to Doha to India with an additional charge of $1500 Expenditure Breakdown:   Original Expected Expenditure: $2909.06 roundtrip for my wife and myself to fly from USA to India Adjusted Expenditure: $2909.06 + $1496.72 (paid to the American Airlines Agent who issued us Qatar tickets at the Chicago airport) = $4405.78 Money lost due to boarding being denied: $2909.06/2 = $1454.53 for one-way tickets of two people Money lost due to re-booking tickets for the next earliest flight on Cathay Pacific: $3542.29 (one-way for two people for the next available flight) + $106.26 (foreign transaction fee) = $3648.55 Total money lost due to incompetence of American Airlines: $1454.53 + $3648.55 = $5103.08    Edit:  If you have time to kill, here's an open letter (blog post) I wrote to AA out of frustration. I don't think I will publicly advertise this anywhere but am putting it here to get an opinion. I thought it might shed more details into the incident. If majority think its my mistake, let me know and I'll back off. 
23317	Car rental without a credit card in Italy?	Is it possible to use car rental services at airports in Italy without having a credit card?  When I read the terms of conditions (e.g. Hertz, Budget, etc.) they state debit or credit card might be used to book, but credit card is needed on rental.  But how about using embossed debit card (not a credit card). Is it possible? 
23317	Car rental without a credit card in Italy?	Is it possible to use car rental services at airports in Italy without having a credit card?  When I read the terms of conditions (e.g. Hertz, Budget, etc.) they state debit or credit card might be used to book, but credit card is needed on rental.  But how about using embossed debit card (not a credit card). Is it possible? 
23324	Was this itinerary switch valid?	Note: This question is in relation to a slightly complicated scenario outlined here. You don't need to read that question to get a sense of this question.  My wife and I were traveling to India from United States. Our itinerary was as follows:  American Airlines Flight 54 From Chicago (6:00 PM) to Manchester (7:45 AM) Emirates Airlines Flight 22 From Manchester (8:45 AM) to Dubai (7:45 PM) Emirates Airlines Flight 524 From Dubai (10:00 PM) to India   I was on a F1 student visa. My wife's situation was the following:   My wife was on F1 visa which was set to expire by August 2013 She recently secured a job and subsequently obtained a H1B visa which was valid from October 2013.  She was carrying the employment letter, visa appointment confirmation letter (proving that she was going to India to obtain her H1B stamping) and the document that stated that her H1B was approved   The agent that we talked to at the Chicago airport for boarding tickets denied us boarding. The reason that the agent stated was that we din't have the proper travel documents --  specifically because my wife did not carry a valid US visa. We explained clearly that the H1B was approved and that we were going to India to get a new visa but he did not accept that explanation.  Even though this was supposed to be a transit flight and the gap between transit was exactly 1 hour, he said that he cannot allow us to board this flight. He kept telling us that there is a chance that we can still get through in UK but that he did not want to take the risk at any cost.  As we were in a hurry, after much discussion, he offered to book another itinerary for us through Doha that does not touch UK.   One of the replies to my original question suggested that I find out if the agent was right in switching our itinerary. However, I am unable to find any concrete evidence. Can someone help me? 
23311	What to do if denied boarding due to the airlines' fault?	Last week, my wife and I were traveling to the United States. During the beginning of the trip, the airline agent suggested that we re-route our trip to avoid some visa-related issues in UK because apparently my wife had an expired US visa and we were going to India to get it renewed - she recently got a job and had applied for a H1-B visa. We did have the proper documentation supporting this but the agent convinced us that we cannot take this itinerary. We agreed with him and paid him an additional $1500 to obtain a new set of tickets. Although I am not quite sure what the agent did, our return trip got canceled. After numerous calls to the airlines' customer care line, I understood that the agent did not make the changes properly because of which the outgoing flight marked us as "No Show" even though we completed the first half of the trip and automatically cancelled our return trip.   The call center agent informed us that it was not our mistake that this reservation got cancelled. After some long conversations with the customer care agent, we were offered an to be placed on an alternate route. However, because the total trip time exceeded 36 hours, we requested that we be placed on a different airline at the least. The agent ignored us and hung up on our request. Because we were not left with any other options, we booked another set of tickets to come back to US.  I have been depressed over losing such large amount of money (nearly $1500 for the one-way trip + an additional $3500 that I paid to buy another set of tickets) and am not sure what to do. I would be very grateful if the experts here can help me with the following: I am currently a graduate student in the US soon entering the job market. What is the safest way to seek retribution against what happened to us without affecting my future employment prospects? Should I even bother doing anything about this or is it lost money?  Trip Details:   Trip: Flying from United States to India and back Airlines: American Airlines (with part of the trip fulfilled by Emirates) Original Itinerary: Chicago ORD to Manchester, UK to Dubai to India Altered Itinerary: Chicago ORD to Doha to India with an additional charge of $1500 Expenditure Breakdown:   Original Expected Expenditure: $2909.06 roundtrip for my wife and myself to fly from USA to India Adjusted Expenditure: $2909.06 + $1496.72 (paid to the American Airlines Agent who issued us Qatar tickets at the Chicago airport) = $4405.78 Money lost due to boarding being denied: $2909.06/2 = $1454.53 for one-way tickets of two people Money lost due to re-booking tickets for the next earliest flight on Cathay Pacific: $3542.29 (one-way for two people for the next available flight) + $106.26 (foreign transaction fee) = $3648.55 Total money lost due to incompetence of American Airlines: $1454.53 + $3648.55 = $5103.08    Edit:  If you have time to kill, here's an open letter (blog post) I wrote to AA out of frustration. I don't think I will publicly advertise this anywhere but am putting it here to get an opinion. I thought it might shed more details into the incident. If majority think its my mistake, let me know and I'll back off. 
23226	Airlines refusing check-in without return ticket	I recently heard that some airlines refuse to let you fly to Japan (from Europe), if you don't have a return ticket. Since it is possible to buy one-way tickets, I guess this is utter nonsense, but just to be sure I wanted to ask anyway.  Is there anything that might prompt this (supposed) urban legend? Any grain of truth?   Bonus: What about other countries?  Update: Just occured to me I might add my experimental data point to this. Of course I might have just been lucky, but I had a one-way ticket (Emirates) and I had no visa at the time, was not refused boarding, and was also not refused entry in Japan. I don't really remember now, but I think they didn't even ask me a lot of questions at immigration. 
23346	Uncrowded budget ski resort in the Alps with children which is also good to spend time for non-skiers	We are looking for a skiing resort in Alps to visit in first half of March 2014.  Which of them is at the same time uncrowded for mid- and advanced-level skiers, while has enough facilities for non-sporty non-skiers to spend 10-14 days on/close to the resort?  For non-skiers, we are looking for enough space for walk and sightseeing; public playgrounds and water parks / swimming pools; picturesque sights (Chamonix and Mayerhofen are good examples), with little to no driving required (Canazei is counter-example: the village small itself; long driving required for every trip to overcome a mountain pass to reach sightseeing destinations). Ideally to have option to spend some time in the mountains, eg. in restaurants at 1st level of ski lifts (accessible without ski).  For skiers, we need a couple of black pistes, some for 5-6 y.o. children riding with parents (not with a ski school), wide choice for mid-level skiers. 
23360	Will American Airlines let me fly first class by buying miles?	I have an interesting problem and am hoping you might have some insight.  I want to book a ticket to go to Michigan for my sisters graduation Leaving on May 1st after 8pm or may 2nd in the morning and returning late May 4th.  The problem is I spoke to 8 people at American and not one could give me a straight answer regarding miles etc. Because I have two different programs.  I have AA Advantage which only has 4019 miles in it (they expire in Feb if I don't use them) I also have 10 complimentary 500 mile segment upgrades which can only be used on non-full fares if I am a gold or Platinum member which I am not.  I also have a Business advantage account which has 2668 miles on it, good for a coach ticket on random days throughout the year, it was quite amusing talking to them. I said I needed to be there on May 3rd and she said I had to leave on April 25th! I know I can also use it for upgrades.  My question: With what I currently have what do you think is the best way to utilize everything to get the best price, do I buy additional miles for my AA advantage program to get an anytime coach ticket and then use the 500 mile upgrades (will they let me)? I don't care about using up everything just don't want any chance of getting stuck in coach, I hate the dirty looks I get!  I am not elite status of any kind. 
23379	Debit card for tourists traveling in US	I am traveling to the US (not a US citizen, don't have social security #) for 3 months, and I am bringing cash.  Wanted to know if any of the banks offer tourists to open a checking account with debit card, so I can deposit my cash so I don't have to use cash all the time.  I prefer checking accounts with the lowest fees obviously: lowest balance needed to be free, no transaction fees, low fees on depositing etc...  Thanks ! 
23402	Travelling to Romania for 4 days by Schengen visa issued by Germany?	I have Schengen visa delivered by Germany, in the German embassy in Morocco,  I have already Mult entry 90 days, my visa will expire the 11th March 2014. I wanna visit Romania for 4 days. Can I go to Romania by Schengen visa? From Brussels to Bucharest for 4 days, from the 20th February to the 24th February.  
23388	Does the duty free laptop come under 25K entitlement? (India customs)	I will be traveling to the US shortly from India and will be returning back. I am planning to purchase a laptop in the US and want to bring it to India. I read in the website of India customs where it says the following about "duty free" entitlement:  (ii) Rs.25000/- (in value) if Stayed abroad for more than three days (iii) One Laptop computer (notebook computer) imported by a passenger (but not a member of the crew of a ship / aircraft) Free, if the passenger is of the age of 18 years or above.  I want to know if the laptop mentioned in (iii) comes under (ii).  To be more clear, can I bring items worth 25K Plus a laptop (worth whatever)? 
23442	Will boarding a two-leg flight at the stopover airport cause any problems?	Recently, I purchased a two-leg plane ticket from New York City (LGA) via Philadelphia (PHL) to my final destination (which we'll call XYZ). I happened to be coming from a place from which it wasn't very much harder to get to PHL than to get to LGA. This being the case, I very much wanted to just purchase a ticket from PHL to XYZ and call it a day, but for whatever reason, the PHL-XYZ ticket by itself cost something like twice as much as LGA-PHL-XYZ, so I ended up buying the latter.  This brings me to my question: having purchased the LGA-PHL-XYZ ticket, could I simply forgo the LGA-PHL leg and head straight to PHL to catch my flight to XYZ? Would this cause any problems (e.g. with the TSA or whatnot)? 
19664	Can I enter Romania from Dubai with a Schengen visa?	Would I be able to enter Romania on a Schengen visa if I'm staying less than 5 days? Basically I would be doing Dubai-Romania-Dubai. 
23456	How can I book a hotel in France for a Schengen visa without paying in advance?	I want to go to France from DR Congo and I am told that I need a proof of hotel reservation confirmation. When I contacted one of the cheapest hotel, they told me that I need to pay for the number of days which I want to be mentioned in the reservation paper. But it's too expensive: 30days * €35 is too much for me... are there any other ways of booking a hotel for which I won't have to pay a lot?  
23482	SIM card for weekend stay in Italy, mostly for internet access	I will travel to Italy in one month (to Venice) and I would like to buy a SIM card so that I can access internet during my weekend stay. What options are available and which ones do you recommend? I have an iPhone 5S and my home operator is Vodafone. 
23475	SIM card on arrival in Europe (Paris)	I'll be travelling from India to Europe (starting with Paris)  Can I get a SIM card from the Paris airport? If yes, what are the documents required? Is just the passport/visa copy enough? Which is the best operator...I plan to use it for just 7 days in France/Switzerland/Italy/Austria. Is the SIM card micro-size or i can request it based on my phone? Also what are the approx charges (incoming/outgoing) ..voice/data ? 
23475	SIM card on arrival in Europe (Paris)	I'll be travelling from India to Europe (starting with Paris)  Can I get a SIM card from the Paris airport? If yes, what are the documents required? Is just the passport/visa copy enough? Which is the best operator...I plan to use it for just 7 days in France/Switzerland/Italy/Austria. Is the SIM card micro-size or i can request it based on my phone? Also what are the approx charges (incoming/outgoing) ..voice/data ? 
23475	SIM card on arrival in Europe (Paris)	I'll be travelling from India to Europe (starting with Paris)  Can I get a SIM card from the Paris airport? If yes, what are the documents required? Is just the passport/visa copy enough? Which is the best operator...I plan to use it for just 7 days in France/Switzerland/Italy/Austria. Is the SIM card micro-size or i can request it based on my phone? Also what are the approx charges (incoming/outgoing) ..voice/data ? 
23491	How to "acquire the right" to travel within the Schengen states while on "Long term French visa"	I am a citizen of India (third-country national?) and I currently reside in the United States. I will be joining a job in France on a "Long stay French visa". I was looking around the web to see if I could find correct information about whether or not I would be allowed to travel freely within the Schengen states on a long stay visa.  I came across this answer which says that "Third-country nationals who are long-term residents in a Schengen state may also acquire the right to move to and settle in another Schengen state without losing their legal status and social benefits."  So assuming that I am a "third country" national, how do I acquire the right to travel for tourism?  I am yet to apply for a long stay visa but I was just considering my options and possibilities right now. 
23491	How to "acquire the right" to travel within the Schengen states while on "Long term French visa"	I am a citizen of India (third-country national?) and I currently reside in the United States. I will be joining a job in France on a "Long stay French visa". I was looking around the web to see if I could find correct information about whether or not I would be allowed to travel freely within the Schengen states on a long stay visa.  I came across this answer which says that "Third-country nationals who are long-term residents in a Schengen state may also acquire the right to move to and settle in another Schengen state without losing their legal status and social benefits."  So assuming that I am a "third country" national, how do I acquire the right to travel for tourism?  I am yet to apply for a long stay visa but I was just considering my options and possibilities right now. 
23491	How to "acquire the right" to travel within the Schengen states while on "Long term French visa"	I am a citizen of India (third-country national?) and I currently reside in the United States. I will be joining a job in France on a "Long stay French visa". I was looking around the web to see if I could find correct information about whether or not I would be allowed to travel freely within the Schengen states on a long stay visa.  I came across this answer which says that "Third-country nationals who are long-term residents in a Schengen state may also acquire the right to move to and settle in another Schengen state without losing their legal status and social benefits."  So assuming that I am a "third country" national, how do I acquire the right to travel for tourism?  I am yet to apply for a long stay visa but I was just considering my options and possibilities right now. 
23503	Can I get back into Australia on a tourist visa if I have an unpaid fine?	I am from Canada, and I have been in Australia for 2 years on a working visa. I have received a fine ($110) for disturbing the peace (public nuisance). If I leave the country, can I get back in on a later date, on a tourist visa, if I haven't paid this fine?  If this is true, and I cannot get a tourist visa with an existing fine, can I pay it from outside Australia, and then apply for my tourist visa, hassle free? 
23506	Where does my passport get entry stamp?	Consider this journey JFK-MUC-ZRH (MUC is just a flight connection). When does the passenger actually enter the Schengen zone? Munich or Zürich?  
23506	Where does my passport get entry stamp?	Consider this journey JFK-MUC-ZRH (MUC is just a flight connection). When does the passenger actually enter the Schengen zone? Munich or Zürich?  
23506	Where does my passport get entry stamp?	Consider this journey JFK-MUC-ZRH (MUC is just a flight connection). When does the passenger actually enter the Schengen zone? Munich or Zürich?  
23514	Documents to carry for Europe vacation travel	I'll be traveling to Europe from India for 7-8 days… I am planning to visit France/Switzerland/Italy/Austria/Liechtenstein  Paris is the first stop in Europe.  This being my first international visit, I just wanted to understand if just carrying the passport (with Schengen visa) was enough OR should I carry any additional documents as well. For things like SIM card, are there any other docs required ? 
23524	Transit Visa requirement for San Francisco to Cape Town via London	Do I need a visa for a 7 hour layover as I have South Africian passport on route from SF to London to Cape Town 
23524	Transit Visa requirement for San Francisco to Cape Town via London	Do I need a visa for a 7 hour layover as I have South Africian passport on route from SF to London to Cape Town 
23524	Transit Visa requirement for San Francisco to Cape Town via London	Do I need a visa for a 7 hour layover as I have South Africian passport on route from SF to London to Cape Town 
23524	Transit Visa requirement for San Francisco to Cape Town via London	Do I need a visa for a 7 hour layover as I have South Africian passport on route from SF to London to Cape Town 
23296	Deportation from Ireland	I'm from Congo but I study in Tbilisi Georgia. I was in Ireland on a tourist visit but I was refused "permission to land" because they believed my  "intentions for visiting Ireland were not genuine". The immigration officer said I had lied to him about my intentions for visiting Ireland; that some of the places which I intended to visit were either not tourist attractions or they weren't functioning anymore. So I was deported back to Tbilisi Georgia. But now I intend to reapply for the Irish visa again, this time for academic purpose. Will my visa application be granted or will it be refused because of the deportation? 
23539	Railway Reservation	I booked two tickets online E-ticket railway reservation in a single transaction, one is confirmed other is waiting list. should we travel both with W/L ticket? 
23602	International Student From Canada travelling to South America with USA Layover (With B2 visa and trip to USA with I-192 form)	I am an international graduate student living in Toronto. In two weeks, I am travelling to Peru to attend my friend's wedding. I will be taking the American Airline and transiting through Miami while going to Lima and Dallas while coming back to Toronto. My transit time is 1.5 to 2 hours. Previously, I have traveled to USA for the first time from Buffalo via Niagara Border last October. I have a B2 visa and a valid I-192 card.   My questions are:    I know I have to go through Border security at Miami when I arrive to connect my fight to Lima but will I have go through it again in Dallas while going back to Toronto? My concern is the layover time, which is so short and immigration lines could be huge.  Is there a facility for luggage transfer or I have reclaim it at both the stopovers? My airline is same throughout. Don't want to miss flights.  Finally can I return my I-192 when leaving Dallas to Toronto? Just for my own convenience? They ask you to post it or hand it over and since I will be in USA, I might as well return it.   
23612	SIM for voice calls while travelling to Europe	I am planning to travel to Europe next week to countries like France, Switzerland, Italy, Austria from India. France being the first destination. I am confused regarding what to do for voice calls, like which option would be cheapest for me.  Should I just go ahead and active international roaming on my Vodafone India number (which I checked would be slightly expensive though this seems to be the most hassle-free option)  What are the other options I have. I heard about calling cards which I can get there. How do they work? Are they very cheap? Would they work across all the countries? What are their charges like? 
23612	SIM for voice calls while travelling to Europe	I am planning to travel to Europe next week to countries like France, Switzerland, Italy, Austria from India. France being the first destination. I am confused regarding what to do for voice calls, like which option would be cheapest for me.  Should I just go ahead and active international roaming on my Vodafone India number (which I checked would be slightly expensive though this seems to be the most hassle-free option)  What are the other options I have. I heard about calling cards which I can get there. How do they work? Are they very cheap? Would they work across all the countries? What are their charges like? 
23612	SIM for voice calls while travelling to Europe	I am planning to travel to Europe next week to countries like France, Switzerland, Italy, Austria from India. France being the first destination. I am confused regarding what to do for voice calls, like which option would be cheapest for me.  Should I just go ahead and active international roaming on my Vodafone India number (which I checked would be slightly expensive though this seems to be the most hassle-free option)  What are the other options I have. I heard about calling cards which I can get there. How do they work? Are they very cheap? Would they work across all the countries? What are their charges like? 
23612	SIM for voice calls while travelling to Europe	I am planning to travel to Europe next week to countries like France, Switzerland, Italy, Austria from India. France being the first destination. I am confused regarding what to do for voice calls, like which option would be cheapest for me.  Should I just go ahead and active international roaming on my Vodafone India number (which I checked would be slightly expensive though this seems to be the most hassle-free option)  What are the other options I have. I heard about calling cards which I can get there. How do they work? Are they very cheap? Would they work across all the countries? What are their charges like? 
23610	UK landside visa queries	I am planning to travel from Chicago to Delhi via London with intention of ~36 hrs in transit.  I am Indian resident, with valid US visa (until 2015).  Going by UK border agency information here I will be needing land side visa.  I have following queries:   Is it possible to get the land side visa on arrival or do I need to apply prior to leaving US?   If it is on arrival, and for some reason I am denied, will I need to wait for connecting flight within airport for that long?   What is the procedure and fees? I scanned through the UK border agency site, but could not find a procedure, and further details. It seems very scattered.   I see that one of the flight option has 48 hrs 15 min difference. Can landside visa be applied for this case?  
23630	Is a Brazilian tourist visa tied to specific entry and exit ports and dates?	Brazil requires that US Citizens have flight reservations prior to applying for a tourist visa.  Per the suggestions in this question, I have found what I believe to be the most reasonable round-trip, fully-refundable flight into Brazil, from Miami (MIA) to Manaus (MAO).  If I were to purchase this ticket, get my visa, then cancel the ticket in favor of a discounted ticket from, say, Lima to Sao Paulo, would this create any issues with my visa, as my application would have said I was flying to and from different cities?  Would it also be a problem if I ended up entering Brazil a day or two later (if post-visa application prices have changed to make this financially advantageous).  My international travel is limited, but I would expect the visa simply to be valid from X date to Y date, and the ports of entry and exit would be immaterial. But I don't want to make a US$1000 gamble on this assumption. 
23631	TSA locks in luggage for travel to Europe	I'll be travelling to Europe from India and have a check-in baggage which has the normal number lock (like a 3-digit password) and also has the TSA lock. My entry would be in France and would return from Switzerland back to India.  I have never used TSA locks and DO NOT plan to use the TSA lock (just the number lock), but my question is does having the unused TSA lock pose any problems while travelling to Europe? I hope it does not cause any issues. 
23633	Use of Travel insurance while going to Europe	I am planning to visit Europe this weekend. I received travel insurance on behalf of my Indian tour operator and has coverage like delay of checked in baggage, dental, medical, and a lot of other stuff.  My question is where exactly do I need to display the copy of travel insurance normally (not referring to while making any claim)  Is it checked by the airline desk or customs/immigration ? 
23632	Carry domestic currency while going abroad	I am planning to fly from India to Europe this weekend for a one week holiday. While departing from India, I'll have the Indian currency (INR) which I'll need to pay for things like taxi charges, some snacks at the airport. Now I'll need some small amount of INR during my return to India as well (again for small expenses like  taxi charges, snacks, etc)  My question is can I carry the INR (very small amount like 3000 INR..approx 30-40 Euros) while flying to Europe (as I'll need them on returning to India) 
23657	Visa-on-arrival basics	There are many countries that provide on arrival visa service for its visitors.  Does visa-on-arrival mean every visitor arriving at particular country (which offers on arrival visa service) can obtain a visa for sure upon arrival? What would happen to a visitor who is denied visa-on-arrival by the visiting country?   
9926	London Heathrow airport - do I need a transit visa?	I am traveling from the US to India via London Heathrow on November 6. I will be at LHR on 7th at 6:20 am and departing at 9:25 pm. I'm an Indian national and have a valid US visa.  Do I need a transit visa to stay airside?  I have been scared that British Airways have stopped a few people from boarding flights (no details just rumors).  Do I need a transit visa to stay landside? I want to do some sightseeing. What are the chances of getting past officials using transit without visa concession?  Real stories will help a lot to calm the butterflies in my stomach. 
23615	Name mismatch on airline ticket/insurance	I have a group booking done by an Indian provider for my trip to Europe.  The booking is on Qatar Airways for me and my wife. Now there is an issue with the booking name for the ticket and insurance.  Actually what happened was that both of us had got new passports (after adding of spouse name), but the Indian provider by mistake booked as per the details against old passport.  So for the ticket;   My name is same in both old/new passport (First Middle Last) My wife has the name printed as First Last...which are the same in both old/new (but the new passport also has the middle name) The insurance has more visible details from the old passport (like passport number, address..again my wife has a different address in the new passport)   Can these cause any major issues at the airport? I have already asked the travel operator to send me the updated ticket/insurance as per the new passport. But I was just wondering if they could not for some reasons... 
23358	Can I travel to UK as tourist even my UAE residence visa was cancelled?	My UAE residence visa will be cancelled next month and my UK tourist visa will expire end of March.  I am planning to go and have an exit to UK and will wait for my tourist visa going back to UAE when I am in UK.  Is that possible? Will immigration let me enter UK since my UK tourist visa isn't expired yet? 
23655	How much time should I budget to see Bonito and Pantanal?	Going to Campo Grande in March and slowly marching onward towards Cusco.  I'm working out my itinerary and trying to figure out how many days I should budget for the Mato Grosso del Sur in order to see both Bonito and Pantanal.  Is it possible to do this in like 4-5 days? We were thinking day 1 - get in late on Campo Grande day 2,3 - go on Pantanal tour, getting dropped off in Bonito day 4,5 - spend time in Bonito day 6 - take the bus, train etc. to Santa Cruz, Bolivia.  Is this realistic? Or should I just choose between Bonito or Pantanal? 
23694	Can you change from a J1 visa to an ESTA by going to Mexico for a few weeks?	I'm a UK National currently on a J1 visa as a student in the US which expires on July 13th (after the grace period) but my flight isn't booked until August 22nd as I want to do some more travelling around the US. Can I go to Mexico for around 10 days and then re-enter the US on an ESTA? 
23696	Do I require airport transit visa at Frankfurt?	I am flying from Mumbiai to Montego Bay via Dubai and Frankfurt as my final destination. Do i require airport transit visa at Frankfurt. i will be having invitation letter from husband and  even visa from Montego Bay. 
23696	Do I require airport transit visa at Frankfurt?	I am flying from Mumbiai to Montego Bay via Dubai and Frankfurt as my final destination. Do i require airport transit visa at Frankfurt. i will be having invitation letter from husband and  even visa from Montego Bay. 
23705	Can I travel to Germany on a bus through France with a "Deutschland" visa not a Schengen stated visa?	I have been issued a German family reunion visa type D. it clearly states that the visa is for Germany and not Schengen states as I used to get in the past. Can I travel by bus from London through France to Germany with this visa? 
22867	Can I visit all the countries in the Schengen area with a national visa?	I'm an exchange student from Russia, and I have the national visa D type. But it's written there "valid for Italia". Can I go to other Schengen countries with this kind of visa? Because I want to visit France but I don't know if I can. Now I'm in Italy. 
23646	Buying a rail pass from a non EU country and reserving seats in advance	I'm going to Europe next June and I plan to travel by train. I want to reserve my seats in advance, so I'm thinking about buying them around three months in advance. I'm also thinking about buying a rail pass for the countries that I will visit (France and Spain). I also prefer high speed trains because I don't want to spend time travelling.   How does it work when you buy a rail pass? Do you receive some code that allows you to reserve seats in advance or do you recommend buying the tickets for each journey? 
23646	Buying a rail pass from a non EU country and reserving seats in advance	I'm going to Europe next June and I plan to travel by train. I want to reserve my seats in advance, so I'm thinking about buying them around three months in advance. I'm also thinking about buying a rail pass for the countries that I will visit (France and Spain). I also prefer high speed trains because I don't want to spend time travelling.   How does it work when you buy a rail pass? Do you receive some code that allows you to reserve seats in advance or do you recommend buying the tickets for each journey? 
23692	Travel site that found the lowest-price tickets from your current location	Some time ago I had a bookmark to an awesome travel site, which I've lost. I'm hoping someone else used it.  The site was very minimal. You told it where you currently are, and it showed you the cheapest flights either in the next three days, or the whole month, from your current city. Ie, you didn't specify where you wanted to go, you specified where you were, and it told you where you could go.  If it helps narrow it down, I remember the website had a rotating set of background photos of various places, and the UI was very minimal and sat in a small rounded rectangle in the screen center.  Ie, the UI was a nice photo, and then in the very center of the screen, a small rounded-rectangle for search and results.  It was very distinctive.  It was a nice approach to travel planning, leading to spontaneous trips, quite unlike all other search sites I've used, and I'd like to find it again.     This question is not a duplicate of "How can I do a broad search for flights?" I am not looking for a general broad search   engine. I am seeking a specific travel/search site with specific   and unusual functionality that is more specific than in that   question and is not answered by any answers in that question.      I hate to sound snippy, but this should have been obvious from reading   both questions.  (For example, where in that question does it mention the site I'm looking for? I'll answer: it doesn't. This specific site had functionality unlike any other site that I know of, and better than those mentioned in the other question.) This specific site did some cool stuff, which is why I ant to find this one, not a common, well-known one. Please reopen, and please read both questions and   answers to verify this, as I believe you should have before closing.  
23705	Can I travel to Germany on a bus through France with a "Deutschland" visa not a Schengen stated visa?	I have been issued a German family reunion visa type D. it clearly states that the visa is for Germany and not Schengen states as I used to get in the past. Can I travel by bus from London through France to Germany with this visa? 
23722	Single trip to conferences in two Schengen countries with one visa?	I am Ukrainian and currently considering if trying to stack attending two professional conferences under one visa is great optimization or crazy talk. :)  Conferences will be on consecutive weekends in:   Switzerland, May 3-4 Netherlands, May 10-11   I can get business invitations for both, no issues there. I have previously been to Netherlands (also for a conference with short stay visa), but not Switzerland.  To be clear I am considering about going from Switzerland to Netherlands directly (essentially having some touristy time), not coming back to Ukraine in the middle and re-entering for Netherlands.   Would this look like relatively "sane" application for visa? If I plan to stay more days in Netherlands and apply for visa in its embassy, would I have any issues entering and spending initial days in Switzerland?  
23735	Applying twice for Schengen Visa	I already have a Schengen Visa and will return home in March.  Can I apply for a Schengen visa again in April and come back in April for another 3 months? Or is there a way to extend Schengen Visa  for another 3 months? 
23754	Do Canadian citizens need to apply for a visa to attend a job interview in the U.S.?	I am a Canadian citizen and I have been asked to attend an interview in the U.S. with one of the big tech companies. I have been only a Canadian citizen for a short time now, and I am not sure whether I need to apply for a some sort of business visa to enter the states for interview purposes. Do I need any kind of visa?  In either case (visa needed or not needed) do I need to present the U.S. border control any documents regarding my interview?  Can anyone please share their experiences? Thanks! 
23754	Do Canadian citizens need to apply for a visa to attend a job interview in the U.S.?	I am a Canadian citizen and I have been asked to attend an interview in the U.S. with one of the big tech companies. I have been only a Canadian citizen for a short time now, and I am not sure whether I need to apply for a some sort of business visa to enter the states for interview purposes. Do I need any kind of visa?  In either case (visa needed or not needed) do I need to present the U.S. border control any documents regarding my interview?  Can anyone please share their experiences? Thanks! 
23764	Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport. Do I need to apply for a visa?	I'm flying from Los Angeles to London with one stop at Vancouver International Airport to change planes in the same flight. I have both current Spanish passport and ESTA.  Do I need to apply for visa to connect through Canada without exiting the airport? 
23764	Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport. Do I need to apply for a visa?	I'm flying from Los Angeles to London with one stop at Vancouver International Airport to change planes in the same flight. I have both current Spanish passport and ESTA.  Do I need to apply for visa to connect through Canada without exiting the airport? 
23794	Does booking directly from an airline improve customer service in resolving problems?	In 2012 I used a third-party site to book international flights on Air Canada and had many problems resulting from missed connections (their fault).  Ultimately I got no compensation and at one point one of their reps said to me something like "well what do you expect; you didn't buy the ticket from us directly so we can't do much to help you".  I've just returned from an international trip booked directly from United.  When one connection was at risk (their fault), they sent email saying that if we did in fact miss that plane we now had reserved spots on the next flight.  We never contacted them (we were busy sprinting through an airport); they initiated that.  Is the difference in these outcomes the direct ticket purchase, or is it the different airlines?  (Maybe United's customer service is just way better than Air Canada's?)  We also bought travel insurance this time (didn't know to do that the first time), but since we never invoked it I'm not sure that matters.  I'm trying to figure out if the lesson here is "buy direct from the airline" or "fly United (where possible)".  I don't have the fortitude (or travel frequency) to determine this experimentally, e.g. by buying a ticket directly from Air Canada to see what happens. 
23820	Transit in LA after 90 days in North America under VWP/ESTA	I am from NZ and have spent 90 days in the USA with an ESTA visa waiver, and I am going to Canada before returning to NZ. My return flight is from LA but I have already used my 90 days of my ESTA and have not technically 'left' North America (Canada apparently doesn't count). My question is, how do I catch my return flight from LA? Can I get another ESTA even though I haven't left North America? 
23829	How to choose where and how long to have my layover	I would like to make a stop from the west coast of the United States to NYC, then to Berlin. I may just stop in NYC for a few days, or for up to a week -- I'm really not sure at this moment.    Is there any way to choose your flight by where you would want to have a layover and for how long? Is it even considered a layover if its several days?  Is there a price difference between doing the above and just booking two separate flights?   
23829	How to choose where and how long to have my layover	I would like to make a stop from the west coast of the United States to NYC, then to Berlin. I may just stop in NYC for a few days, or for up to a week -- I'm really not sure at this moment.    Is there any way to choose your flight by where you would want to have a layover and for how long? Is it even considered a layover if its several days?  Is there a price difference between doing the above and just booking two separate flights?   
23829	How to choose where and how long to have my layover	I would like to make a stop from the west coast of the United States to NYC, then to Berlin. I may just stop in NYC for a few days, or for up to a week -- I'm really not sure at this moment.    Is there any way to choose your flight by where you would want to have a layover and for how long? Is it even considered a layover if its several days?  Is there a price difference between doing the above and just booking two separate flights?   
23820	Transit in LA after 90 days in North America under VWP/ESTA	I am from NZ and have spent 90 days in the USA with an ESTA visa waiver, and I am going to Canada before returning to NZ. My return flight is from LA but I have already used my 90 days of my ESTA and have not technically 'left' North America (Canada apparently doesn't count). My question is, how do I catch my return flight from LA? Can I get another ESTA even though I haven't left North America? 
23820	Transit in LA after 90 days in North America under VWP/ESTA	I am from NZ and have spent 90 days in the USA with an ESTA visa waiver, and I am going to Canada before returning to NZ. My return flight is from LA but I have already used my 90 days of my ESTA and have not technically 'left' North America (Canada apparently doesn't count). My question is, how do I catch my return flight from LA? Can I get another ESTA even though I haven't left North America? 
23780	Tasting typical Czech cuisine in Prague	I'll be going to Prague in a few weeks. As usual for my job travels I'm trying also to enjoy the place, and in this case the cuisine.  I tried to have a look on wikipedia Czech Cuisine page, and it makes a nice list of local food. In my understanding the very, very MUST TASTE food are the knedlíkys, some soups, and the famous Guláš.  So my question is:    Is there any other typical-Czech-dinner food? Is there any list of such national dishes?  
23837	How to travel forever?	Ok "forever" might be an exageration but you get the point ;)  The dream of every traveller. A sustainable and personal way (even if purely theoretical) of how to be able to be on the road for a long long time.  For example what I am thinking:  Save up some money (a fair amount) with which I will pay ONLY my tickets from place to place. During being in a place try to stay with friends or couchsurf and get a job or offer your services to the local community in exchange of food or shelter (or both).  Of course there are some countries you can do this easier than others.  Any ideas?  Thanks in advance. 
23836	How does data roaming work with prepaid SIM cards in Europe?	I am traveling in Europe with my unlocked phone. I bought a prepaid SIM with 1GB of data in Belgium. I didn't use more than a third of that, and I don't expect to be back in that country for at least two years.  Now I am in the Czech Republic. My phone alerts me that (as the SIM salesperson told me) data will work but at high data roaming costs.  Since the card is prepaid, is there any reason to not keep using it until it cuts off? (And when will that be? There's €10 of voice credit with the account.)  
23836	How does data roaming work with prepaid SIM cards in Europe?	I am traveling in Europe with my unlocked phone. I bought a prepaid SIM with 1GB of data in Belgium. I didn't use more than a third of that, and I don't expect to be back in that country for at least two years.  Now I am in the Czech Republic. My phone alerts me that (as the SIM salesperson told me) data will work but at high data roaming costs.  Since the card is prepaid, is there any reason to not keep using it until it cuts off? (And when will that be? There's €10 of voice credit with the account.)  
23860	USA to India (Delhi Airport): What and how many/much is allowed?	I am going to India (Delhi) from USA (California) for the first time. When talking about how many items (electronics, jewelry, perfumes, watches etc) we can take in luggage bags and/or cabin bags there is always confusion. Some people say you can't take more than two phones or at most four electronic items. Some other mention different numbers. I was never terrified with numbers until I came to this situation.   Can anybody provide me with an official link stating the amount of items I can bring to India? Or any authentic resource where I can find the exact answer? 
23860	USA to India (Delhi Airport): What and how many/much is allowed?	I am going to India (Delhi) from USA (California) for the first time. When talking about how many items (electronics, jewelry, perfumes, watches etc) we can take in luggage bags and/or cabin bags there is always confusion. Some people say you can't take more than two phones or at most four electronic items. Some other mention different numbers. I was never terrified with numbers until I came to this situation.   Can anybody provide me with an official link stating the amount of items I can bring to India? Or any authentic resource where I can find the exact answer? 
23868	Three Mile Island visit	There has been some questions on tours of Chernobyl nuclear disaster site I was wondering if the same was possible for the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant?  I did find a visitor's center but no info on whether the plant itself can be visited. 
23873	Tromsø Aurora Borealis tours	I'll spend a few days ( a weekend ) in Tromsø ( Norway ) at the beginning of March 2014. I know from this question that public transport will not help me to watch Aurora Borealis ( Northern Lights ) so I'm looking for a guided tour. A (mini)bus which takes me to a good spot and also takes me back.  It seems to me that quite a few tour operator offers Aurora Borealis tours. Which one should I choose? I'm looking for a short trip (couple hours), not for an overnight trip.  Is it necessary to book the trip in advance? I don't want to miss the opportunity to watch Aurora Borealis, but if book it now and the whether is terrible I loose my money. 
23854	Hiking rucksack with a rollmat hanging out - will it survive as checked in luggage?	I'm expecting to do some travelling soon - this will involve both backpacking (possibly sleeping on a floor or two, maybe some camping) and air travel.  I'm thinking of bringing a rollmat. It's too big, so I normally let it hang strapped to the bottom of my hiking rucksack. Is this likely to cause any issue as checked in luggage, provided it's tightly strapped? How about extra gear, ie tents and so on? 
23938	Renting a car from Milan to Switzerland	I would like to rent a car from Milan to Switzerland.  Do we need to add on the border car pass or highway pass separately or the car rental suppose to be all inclusive? 
23938	Renting a car from Milan to Switzerland	I would like to rent a car from Milan to Switzerland.  Do we need to add on the border car pass or highway pass separately or the car rental suppose to be all inclusive? 
23984	Alternative to public hot water bath in Japan for a tattooed person	I'm going to Japan in a of couple months.   I've got 80% of my back tattooed and I would really like to try the experience of a public bath in Japan.   Many people have been telling me that it is not allowed for people who have tattoos.   My question is. What would be an alternative for a public bath for me?   Is there a private bath, a place where I can pay for the same experience e don't be banned?   
23989	Duty free shops at airport	What exactly does duty free mean at the various airports? Does it mean that the items are cheaper because they have no tax/duty applied on it OR does it mean the item would "not count" for the free allowance amount at our home country?  Just to add, I checked the prices of various items at Doha airport duty free shops (for iPhones, perfumes, etc) but did not find much price difference from what is available in India? So wanted to understand. 
24006	Can a passport survive an accidental trip through a washing machine?	When the error was realized and the passport retrieved from the pocket of a shirt in the dryer, it was certainly damp and the cover and many pages had curled, but perhaps it can be reflattened by a stack of heavy books or something. The ink on the pages, including one important visa, seem to be fine and still legible. Not sure if there's some microchip or something which is now hosed, though. This is a fairly new US passport issued late 2013, if it matters.  Asking for a friend. 
23977	Applying for a visa if I am not sure to use it	I am in a bit of a situation.  For grad school I have been applying to different schools outside the U.S. and I have been accepted to a school in Switzerland.  I know the application process for visas takes some time and so I would like to get started sooner than later.  But I am still waiting to hear from a couple other schools (in different countries).  Can I apply for a visa in Switzerland and then change my mind if I am accepted into another schools that was my first choice?  If anybody has any input about this I would appreciate it since I am new to all this. 
23977	Applying for a visa if I am not sure to use it	I am in a bit of a situation.  For grad school I have been applying to different schools outside the U.S. and I have been accepted to a school in Switzerland.  I know the application process for visas takes some time and so I would like to get started sooner than later.  But I am still waiting to hear from a couple other schools (in different countries).  Can I apply for a visa in Switzerland and then change my mind if I am accepted into another schools that was my first choice?  If anybody has any input about this I would appreciate it since I am new to all this. 
24024	Is it OK to apply for US visa from Cyprus being a Russian citizen?	I am a Russian citizen working in a US-based company.  In April I should be in US for a business issues.   My current US visa has expired, and there's no problem with it, since I'm just waiting for an invitation my company should send to me, this is a routine an well established procedure, so nothing to worry about.   The only problem is that for some other reasons I should fly to Cyprus as soon as possible. So, the question is - is it OK to apply for US visa in one country being non-resident and showing some papers (invitation, plane tickets an so on) relevant to a third country? 
24043	Buy flight tickets in advance or just in time for a multi-city trip in Europe	I'm planning a first time travel from Brazil to Europe. I'm thinking of visiting 4 or 5 countries (United Kingdom, France, Germany, Greece and maybe Netherlands or Czech Republic).  Is it best (money-wise) to buy the plane tickets to travel around Europe at the airport or to buy in advance? I found PaylessFlights that I can buy multi-destination flights before I travel, but I don't know if they charge more or less than cheap companies (like Rayanair).  I'm asking because I could buy ticket to go to a country and come back from another. 
24043	Buy flight tickets in advance or just in time for a multi-city trip in Europe	I'm planning a first time travel from Brazil to Europe. I'm thinking of visiting 4 or 5 countries (United Kingdom, France, Germany, Greece and maybe Netherlands or Czech Republic).  Is it best (money-wise) to buy the plane tickets to travel around Europe at the airport or to buy in advance? I found PaylessFlights that I can buy multi-destination flights before I travel, but I don't know if they charge more or less than cheap companies (like Rayanair).  I'm asking because I could buy ticket to go to a country and come back from another. 
24060	Misspelt address on passport	I am an Indian citizen in the USA (Houghton, Michigan). I am on an F1 visa right now and had reapplied for a "renewal of passport". All the correct forms were submitted to the Indian Consulate of my jurisdiction (Chicago).  I received my new passport but the name of the town in which I reside has been misspelt as HOUGHRON and NOT HOUGHTON. The consulate put an "r" in the town's name where they should have had a "t".  Now is this going to be an issue for future travel? The embassy is unresponsive in this matter and I need to travel abroad (apply for a visa) soon.  I realize that to get anything changed on the "laminated pages of a passport" I would need to "reapply" for a passport. Is it really my best course of action or is the "current address" inconsequential that has been misspelt.  If I do plan on reapplying for a passport again, none of the forms that I fill out have any field or space to mention that this is as a result of a "change in address" type situation.  Is this my best course of action? What is suggested is this.  
24065	Best way to send valuable item back home while travelling (Istanbul)?	I'm in Istanbul for a couple months and my phone is broken but it's still under warranty. I would like to send my phone back home to get it fixed but as I don't speak Turkish and I find it's quite hard to even ask for a postoffice or DHL or FedX.   My question is also general but also specific for Istanbul since I'm here right now. How do people send valuable things back home? It's also a plus point if they have a pick-up service (e.g hotel or apartment). 
24094	Entering Spain with Schengen visa taken from Greek Embassy	I have a 1 year multiple entry Schengen visa taken from Greek Embassy in Delhi. I have travelled to Greece with this Visa last year. Within the 1 year validity period I now wish to travel to Spain. Can I use the same visa for this travel to Spain? 
24094	Entering Spain with Schengen visa taken from Greek Embassy	I have a 1 year multiple entry Schengen visa taken from Greek Embassy in Delhi. I have travelled to Greece with this Visa last year. Within the 1 year validity period I now wish to travel to Spain. Can I use the same visa for this travel to Spain? 
24114	USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa	I am a J1 Visa holder of the United States and a Philippines passport holder. I have a layover flight of 22 hours at Toronto Canada. Will I be able to go out at the airport and look around and meet my cousin if I have a valid ticket going back to my country - the Philippines.  How does it work with my luggage? Do I need to check out my luggage or it will send directly to my next flight? 
24114	USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa	I am a J1 Visa holder of the United States and a Philippines passport holder. I have a layover flight of 22 hours at Toronto Canada. Will I be able to go out at the airport and look around and meet my cousin if I have a valid ticket going back to my country - the Philippines.  How does it work with my luggage? Do I need to check out my luggage or it will send directly to my next flight? 
24114	USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa	I am a J1 Visa holder of the United States and a Philippines passport holder. I have a layover flight of 22 hours at Toronto Canada. Will I be able to go out at the airport and look around and meet my cousin if I have a valid ticket going back to my country - the Philippines.  How does it work with my luggage? Do I need to check out my luggage or it will send directly to my next flight? 
24114	USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa	I am a J1 Visa holder of the United States and a Philippines passport holder. I have a layover flight of 22 hours at Toronto Canada. Will I be able to go out at the airport and look around and meet my cousin if I have a valid ticket going back to my country - the Philippines.  How does it work with my luggage? Do I need to check out my luggage or it will send directly to my next flight? 
24114	USA-Philippines flight via Toronto with US J1 visa	I am a J1 Visa holder of the United States and a Philippines passport holder. I have a layover flight of 22 hours at Toronto Canada. Will I be able to go out at the airport and look around and meet my cousin if I have a valid ticket going back to my country - the Philippines.  How does it work with my luggage? Do I need to check out my luggage or it will send directly to my next flight? 
24119	Dual Colombian and Canadian Citizenship - can I enter Brazil visa-free as a Colombian?	I'm traveling to Brazil in the following weeks.  I want to know if I can enter Brazil with my Colombian passport and leave with my Canadian passport.  I think with the Colombian passport they give you an on arrival Visa, so do I need to leave with the same passport I entered? 
24119	Dual Colombian and Canadian Citizenship - can I enter Brazil visa-free as a Colombian?	I'm traveling to Brazil in the following weeks.  I want to know if I can enter Brazil with my Colombian passport and leave with my Canadian passport.  I think with the Colombian passport they give you an on arrival Visa, so do I need to leave with the same passport I entered? 
24119	Dual Colombian and Canadian Citizenship - can I enter Brazil visa-free as a Colombian?	I'm traveling to Brazil in the following weeks.  I want to know if I can enter Brazil with my Colombian passport and leave with my Canadian passport.  I think with the Colombian passport they give you an on arrival Visa, so do I need to leave with the same passport I entered? 
24087	Could a citizen of two countries eligible for 90/180 Schengen stays legally remain in the Schengen area forever through repeat visits?	Assume that a person (not me, I only hold a single citizenship :) has a double citizenship in countries such as the US, Singapore, Australia, Japan, etc, which are eligible for 90/180 visa-free stays in the Schengen area. Could they officially remain in the Schengen area indefinitely by taking a trip to (say) the UK every 89 days?  
24158	Why does US Customs & Immigration ask the purpose of my trip when I'm returning home?	As a US citizen, when I re-enter the US, I am often asked where I was, how long I was there, and the reason for my visit.  Why am I asked these things?  Am I required to answer? Don't I have a legal right to enter the US (as long as I'm not doing or carrying anything illegal)?  If I were to refuse to answer these questions, would I be permitted entry?  Note: I'm not really bothered by the questions (except when the agent asking them is especially rude), I'm just curious. 
24169	Transiting in a Schengen airport with a Romanian visa	I am an Indian traveling from Dubai to Sibiu (Romania). I am planning to travel with Lufthansa via Munich. Dubai to Munich and Munich to Sibiu flights are at terminal 2 in Munich. I don't have an Schengen visa and I have only Romanian visa. Is there any immigration problem to do this transit at Munich terminal 2? 
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
24162	What is the least useful passport in the world, visa-wise?	An Israeli colleague and I were debating the merits of his passport, and that he can't travel to many countries.  So with the proviso that a passport is not 'useful' if you require a visa to get into another country, which is the LEAST useful passport (ie the one that requires visas for the most countries)? 
24168	International SIM Card: Travelling USA to India	I am planning to go India on coming Monday. I tried to google about international SIM card but got confused with their plans. It would be great if someone point me out best international SIM card. Some info is as below:   Travelling from USA (Sanjose) to India (Delhi). I will stay for a month. I have Google Nexus 4 unlocked GSM phone.   My basic need is that I can have such card using that I can call to any India number during my journey and when my flight land at Delhi, at least I can inform to my relatives.  Pleass suggest me such SIM card. Also, let me know which I can directly buy from store rather than online purchase as I have just 4 days in USA (flying on Monday, 17 Feb 2014.). 
24196	Which town/city is worth a day visit north/north-east of Paris?	We are planning to stay in Paris for a couple of days in a month or so. After that I need to go to another city to meet with some family that comes from Germany (Giessen) and they don't want us to meet in Paris. It has to be somewhere north, because after that we'll go to Le Havre to catch a ferry the day after, and they will go back to Germany.  Obviously looking at Google Maps the first two options I found were Amiens and Saint-Quentin. I don't know if those are the best options or there is another place better to stay one day to tour around (we'll go with a baby, so we basically look for scenery rather than museums and things like that). 
24199	Are the tax return document mandatory for a Schengen visa?	I am applying to the French embassy for a one-month Schengen visa. For proof of sufficient means, I have my bank statement (with slightly over $7000) and monthly pay slips (of about $1500). The document requirements say that I need to submit 3 years of IT returns, but I've only been working for 2 years and  haven't filed IT returns even for those years. Can this be a cause for possible rejection of my application? 
24209	I want to intentionally miss a flight and continue my itinerary	I have the following flight itinerary:  Outbound   Stuttgart Amsterdam (KLM) Amsterdam Quito (KLM)   Return   Quito Lima (LAN) Lima Amsterdam (KLM) Amsterdam Stuttgart (KLM)   I'm thinking about skipping the Stuttgart - Amsterdam flight, go to Amsterdam by train, spend a weekend there, party hard, sleep well, go to the airport and continue my trip.   Is anyone allowed to do that?  Will the Airline deny my boarding in Amsterdam? Or will the airline (KLM) kindly modify my flight route for an economic extra fee?  
24209	I want to intentionally miss a flight and continue my itinerary	I have the following flight itinerary:  Outbound   Stuttgart Amsterdam (KLM) Amsterdam Quito (KLM)   Return   Quito Lima (LAN) Lima Amsterdam (KLM) Amsterdam Stuttgart (KLM)   I'm thinking about skipping the Stuttgart - Amsterdam flight, go to Amsterdam by train, spend a weekend there, party hard, sleep well, go to the airport and continue my trip.   Is anyone allowed to do that?  Will the Airline deny my boarding in Amsterdam? Or will the airline (KLM) kindly modify my flight route for an economic extra fee?  
23461	What to consider for a last-minute impromptu trip to northern Sweden?	I have spent the weekend considering flying to northern Sweden tomorrow to see the aurora borealis. I live in the US. I have never to Europe or anywhere else outside of mainland North America.  The things I've thought of to take into account:   a lot of very warm clothing given the climate I would be heading for I'll have to exchange my money somehow somewhere Not sure if my US Visa debit card works in Sweden, but by all accounts it should...I plan on checking with my bank in the morning. My verizon phone won't work....I'll need to get a disposable phone there. Need to find hostels or couchsurf   This is everything that's come to mind so far. I'm wondering what other things I might need to know or keep in mind when attempting a visit to a foreign country with no planning like this. If anyone has any Sweden-specific advice, that would be nice, too.  Note: I know it's always better to plan way ahead, but that's exactly the point of this question....under current circumstances it's not possible and if I don't go now I won't be able to again for quite some time. I'm asking precisely for advice about an unplanned trip. 
24249	Options for sending a message while on a Shinkansen	I need to send a message, preferably while I'm on a Shinkansen, to tell someone which Shinkansen I'm on.   I tried to find out how I could do this and ended up with ridiculously expensive options like booking a mobile internet device for 30$ or renting a mobile phone for similar prices. Call me cheap, but 20$ for one text is simply ridiculous. I don't really want to sign up for anything longterm, because I won't need it in the weeks after this.   Just for one message, roaming might be an option, but as far as I understand my phone simply won't work in Japan, except for the 3G capabilities, and with data roaming I will probably end up with the 20$ again.   So, I thought I'd ask here for any other ideas. Or maybe some cheaper options to get a mobile or a wifi connection.   I've also considered simply asking someone if I could use their phone for a minute, but I'm really not sure how Japanese people might react to this. Also, I'm not sure if I could even use a Japanese phone if someone would let me have theirs. Does anyone have any experience regarding this?   Another option I found, although it's more of a workaround, is to use the free Wifi-access on stations, before or after the Shinkansen ride, but the description I found was not quite clear. Can this be used for something other than surfing the official JR-West website, or is it restricted?  If it makes a difference, I'm going from Shin-Osaka to Hakata (Fukuoka).  
24199	Are the tax return document mandatory for a Schengen visa?	I am applying to the French embassy for a one-month Schengen visa. For proof of sufficient means, I have my bank statement (with slightly over $7000) and monthly pay slips (of about $1500). The document requirements say that I need to submit 3 years of IT returns, but I've only been working for 2 years and  haven't filed IT returns even for those years. Can this be a cause for possible rejection of my application? 
24257	Air travel in Canada with a medical implant	I understand there's some official card I need to go through airport security with metal in my leg.  How do I apply for that?  I don't know where to begin.   
24267	Which currency typically has the smallest spread (buy vs sell) in exchange offices in Serbia?	I am choosing the best way to exchange money for my travel to Serbia (Kopaonik region, going for skiing). As long as bank cards are not widely accepted there, and my bank charges 1% for withdrawal in ATMs of other banks, I'm going to bring most money in cash, and exchange locally to dinars.  Which of the currencies (USD, EUR, Russian roubles) have the smallest spread (buy vs sell ratio) in the exchange offices available in rural areas like Kopaonik? In Belgrade airport?  (we'll be transferring from the airport directly to Kopaonik, so no major cities to consider for our trip) 
24269	What international border crossings link Turkey, Georgia and Russia?	Looking to travel from Turkey into Georgia and then Russia with motocycle  What international border crossings link Turkey Georgia and Russia?  Is it possible to go by ferry from Turkey to Russia?  
24269	What international border crossings link Turkey, Georgia and Russia?	Looking to travel from Turkey into Georgia and then Russia with motocycle  What international border crossings link Turkey Georgia and Russia?  Is it possible to go by ferry from Turkey to Russia?  
24269	What international border crossings link Turkey, Georgia and Russia?	Looking to travel from Turkey into Georgia and then Russia with motocycle  What international border crossings link Turkey Georgia and Russia?  Is it possible to go by ferry from Turkey to Russia?  
24291	Can you collect UK train tickets from machines, with a non-chip card?	In increasing portions of the world, and especially in Europe, most debit and credit cards have a chip on them, like this one:    However, not all cards have these chips on them, whether that's because they come from a part of the world that doesn't use them (eg a fair number of US cards), or because they're emergency replacement cards, instead there's just the magnetic strip but no chip. A bit more modern than this one though!    We've already had one question touching on this, which mentions the issues with trying to buy train tickets with a non chip (non-EMV) card in the UK.  What about if you buy the train ticket online, going through all the security there, and just need to pick up your ticket from a UK ticket machine. If you have your non-chip card and your booking reference, can you still collect your tickets from a ticket machine? 
24294	What is a single-entry Schengen visa?	I am travelling to Paris and Italy for tourist purpose. My itinerary will be Mumbai - Paris - Italy - Paris - Mumbai.  So my question is if I have single Entry Visa, would be Ok to enter in Paris again? 
24294	What is a single-entry Schengen visa?	I am travelling to Paris and Italy for tourist purpose. My itinerary will be Mumbai - Paris - Italy - Paris - Mumbai.  So my question is if I have single Entry Visa, would be Ok to enter in Paris again? 
24303	Getting from Denver International Airport to the 16th Street Mall by public transport?	When I need to work out how to get from an airport to a city I'm visiting, my first port of call is normally WikiVoyage. Unfortunately, in the case of Denver, CO, the article is (currently...) a bit vague on public transport from the airport to the city, especially on how late things might stop.   When arriving mid evening into Denver International Airport, is it possible to get to the city centre (say, around the 16th Street Mall at Lawrence Street) by public transport? Ideally direct to around there, or failing that with minimal transfers?  (We've a related question, but that's for a different area in the city) 
24316	One full day in Dubai, leaving the next day	I will have one full day in Dubai in July arriving early morning. Is there a half day or full day desert and surrounds day trip that is available? 
24327	Can I enter Schengen through Athens and leave through Rome?	Can I enter Schengen area through Athens, Greece and leave through Rome with the Schengen Visa? 
24327	Can I enter Schengen through Athens and leave through Rome?	Can I enter Schengen area through Athens, Greece and leave through Rome with the Schengen Visa? 
24326	Week-ends in Paris and in Rome, from a base in Nice	I'm travelling to Nice, France in the month of March. I will have three weekends (2 days + 2 days + 2 days) in my visit and I want to plan accordingly to travel to Rome, Paris and Monaco (nearby).  Could someone please guide me as to how I can plan effectively (budget trip) for the week-end trips to Rome and Paris? Where I can book flight (or other) tickets for travelling to Paris and Rome?  I will be travelling alone and this is my first visit to Europe so I'm a bit apprehensive. 
24326	Week-ends in Paris and in Rome, from a base in Nice	I'm travelling to Nice, France in the month of March. I will have three weekends (2 days + 2 days + 2 days) in my visit and I want to plan accordingly to travel to Rome, Paris and Monaco (nearby).  Could someone please guide me as to how I can plan effectively (budget trip) for the week-end trips to Rome and Paris? Where I can book flight (or other) tickets for travelling to Paris and Rome?  I will be travelling alone and this is my first visit to Europe so I'm a bit apprehensive. 
24331	San Francisco to Los Angeles: bus or plane?	Coming from Europe, I have been living in San Francisco for a month, and this is my first visit to America. In two months, I will have to go to Los Angeles for a meeting.  Obviously, taking the plane from SFO to LAX would be the fastest solution. As this question says, taking a bus would be cheaper.  But are there other advantages of taking the bus, for someone discovering the country? For example, is there nice scenery to observe from the bus or such things? 
24335	Taxi from Udaipur airport to Karni fort, Bambora	I am looking for a transport for a group of ten from Udaipur airport to Karni fort, Bambora.  How can I make an advance booking? 
24319	Laptop/mobile device in countries with Sharia	I'm traveling to Iran and i need to bring my laptop.   For western standards I do not have anything illegal on my hard drive but since I'm not familiar with the Sharia I'm a little bit paranoid.   Is it dangerous to have, for example, holiday pictures of girls in bikinis or similar on your laptop? Is it common that laptops get searched or am I just paranoid? If that is dangerous, how should I proceed? I need to take my laptop with me. Should I encrypt everything? Given the fact that browsing the internet already caches maybe dangerous pictures and it is very hard to be sure that one has deleted all of them, how should I clean my laptop?  
24341	What is typical buy/sell spread in cash exchange booths for EUR, USD in Serbia?	What spread (buy vs sell exchange rate difference, %) can be typically expected in cash currency exchange booths in Belgrad airport, Terminal 2? In rural regions of Serbia (e.g. Kopaonik)?  Interested both for EUR and USD.  (follow up from this thread) 
24338	Dual Canadian and British citizen with only a British passport	I am both a British citizen and a Canadian citizen I live in the UK and only have a British passport. Will being Canadian with proof of Canadian citizenship alter the requirement to obtain an ESTA before travelling to the USA from the UK on a UK pasport? 
24345	Which trains can I take from Dusseldorf airport to Dusseldorf HBF?	I am arriving at DUS airport on March 16 at 6:55am.  I need to catch a train to Amsterdam at 9:13am, same day.  Which train do I take from DUS Flughafen to Dusseldorf HBF? 
24369	Do both parents need to apply for a US passport for minors?	So, I have a timeshare in Cancun, and I want to take my two children, both underage minors.  Obviously, they are going to need to have passports.  Their mother and I are separated, but not yet divorced, and she's, well, special.  I've offered to bring the ex along, but I suspect she will refuse.   The question is: Can I apply for a passport for the kids, without involving their mother?  Obviously, I intend on telling the mom before we leave the country, but I'm considering just going ahead and applying for the passports before she can come up with some, ahem, justification for why I shouldn't be able to get them their passports.  If nothing else, I'd like to be the one controlling the passports, because if anyone would flee the country with them, it would be her.  What does the law say about just one parent applying for the passports?  And, if I do get them, can she then apply for her own set of passports for the kids? 
24369	Do both parents need to apply for a US passport for minors?	So, I have a timeshare in Cancun, and I want to take my two children, both underage minors.  Obviously, they are going to need to have passports.  Their mother and I are separated, but not yet divorced, and she's, well, special.  I've offered to bring the ex along, but I suspect she will refuse.   The question is: Can I apply for a passport for the kids, without involving their mother?  Obviously, I intend on telling the mom before we leave the country, but I'm considering just going ahead and applying for the passports before she can come up with some, ahem, justification for why I shouldn't be able to get them their passports.  If nothing else, I'd like to be the one controlling the passports, because if anyone would flee the country with them, it would be her.  What does the law say about just one parent applying for the passports?  And, if I do get them, can she then apply for her own set of passports for the kids? 
24369	Do both parents need to apply for a US passport for minors?	So, I have a timeshare in Cancun, and I want to take my two children, both underage minors.  Obviously, they are going to need to have passports.  Their mother and I are separated, but not yet divorced, and she's, well, special.  I've offered to bring the ex along, but I suspect she will refuse.   The question is: Can I apply for a passport for the kids, without involving their mother?  Obviously, I intend on telling the mom before we leave the country, but I'm considering just going ahead and applying for the passports before she can come up with some, ahem, justification for why I shouldn't be able to get them their passports.  If nothing else, I'd like to be the one controlling the passports, because if anyone would flee the country with them, it would be her.  What does the law say about just one parent applying for the passports?  And, if I do get them, can she then apply for her own set of passports for the kids? 
24359	How can I find bundled air fare discounts?	I recently used Flightfox to book a flight from Monterrey, Mexico to London.  The cheapest flight I found was US$1109, Flightfox found one for $959.  It was well worth my $49 fee.  However, I'm puzzled as to how they found me this bargain price.  The flight they found for me included third flight, which I didn't use (and indeed couldn't use), from San Jose, California to Reno, Nevada, on Alaskan airlines.... on a date I was in the UK.  The retail price on this trip was roughly $1300, and I got it for $959.  Somehow by bundling this flight with my round-trip fare from Mexico to the UK, I was able to save money.  How was Flightfox able to find this deal? How can I find them myself--assuming that's even possible, without some special agent mojo? 
24381	Tripod in Carry-on Luggage	Many years ago someone told me about travel with a Camera Tripod is not allowed. I have a trip to Europe from Australia, and I have a 10 hour layover in Dubai. I would like take photos at night in Dubai.  My tripod doesn't have any metal arrow.  But I would like know if this is a problem, or it just depends on the mood of the airport security?  
24381	Tripod in Carry-on Luggage	Many years ago someone told me about travel with a Camera Tripod is not allowed. I have a trip to Europe from Australia, and I have a 10 hour layover in Dubai. I would like take photos at night in Dubai.  My tripod doesn't have any metal arrow.  But I would like know if this is a problem, or it just depends on the mood of the airport security?  
24393	Are there actually any hostels in Macau?	I'm considering a cheap flight from Taiwan to Macau but I'm not sure there are any truly budget accommodations.  The Wikivoyage page says there are two hostels, but does not go into details:     Coloane, which offers fewer and much quieter options, has accommodation ranging from the famous Pousada de Coloane to Macau's two beach-side youth hostels.   But when I try to track them down on the usual suspects such as Hostel Bookers and Hostel World, I only see a couple of non-hostels.  I've also tried Hostelling International, since they don't list their hostels on the aforementioned sites in some places. In this case Macao is not even listed either as a separate country, or as a region under China! 
9072	How do I prepare for the possibility of being mugged in the US / Caribbean?	How would you advise preparing for the possibility of being mugged while traveling in the US, or Caribbean?  Edit: I'm specifically concerned about being able to rebuy your  stolen stuff, without having anything on hand.  I have had many people advise putting a credit card in a shoe but want to assume everything cell, credit cards, backup credit, etc.  have been stolen.  Lets assume you have a couple dollars that you found on the street.  The likelihood of this is slim, but I believe that is what brings about the creativity and realism of the question.    With all the additionally technology today, it seems there would be some way to prepare.  For example:  Memorizing a Credit Card Number to Use at a store. (Not sure if US stores accept only the number, with zip) Maybe order goods over the phone at one of  local stores so you can pick them up. Maybe there is a service offered?  I know a lot of grocery stores might offer a pre-order service for food with a credit card number?  Might they allow that you to pre-order gift cards that you can pick up later?  Lets assume you have nothing but a couple dollars, access to a public phone or nice pedestrian's phone and ideally maybe a public computer. 
24437	Getting to the Taj Mahal from Delhi and back?	http://goindia.about.com/od/populartrainroutes/qt/delhi-agra-trains.htm  Per that link it seems like I just have two options. Catch a train that leaves at 6:15am or catch one that leaves at 7:10am. What if I want to leave at, say, 10am, instead? Are there trains that run like once every 15 minutes or so?  And once I'm at Agra Cantt what's the best way to get to the Taj Mahal? According to Google Maps the Taj Mahal is about 4mi away from Agra Cantt. That's a walkable distance but in lieu of knowing how much walking I'd want to do at the Taj Mahal I think I'd prefer to conserve my energy. Maybe taxis loiter around at Agra Cantt for passengers as they do at airports? And if they loiter around there do they also loiter around at the Taj Mahal? 
24469	Transportation from St Pancras station to ExCel convention center	I am planning a group trip to see a convention in London next month. We will be arriving by Eurostar, and we'll need to reach our hotels which are located close to the ExCel convention center.  The public transportation route seems simple : riding the tube on Circle line then the DLR.  There is a visitor Oyster and a regular Oyster. What's the difference? I'm not interested by a more expensive tourist thing with attraction discounts; I just need the transportation. For example, this is the case in Paris with Paris Visite (tourist ripoff with the museum vouchers) versus Mobilis (used by locals) tickets, both used as day passes.   I heard that buying single-trip tickets on the Tube is VERY expensive, and do not figure out the approximative cost of an Oyster card for every passenger. I would like to optimize the cost of this transportation leg. Which solution would be the most suitable, at which cost per passenger?  Also, are there any group discounts offered? We will be 10 people at least. 
24431	What is a good data plan for Internet surfing in northern Italy?	I've checked the webpages of some their providers, but franly, just like in the case of those in my own language, I literally cannot find my way around them. So if you wouldn't mind sharing a word of two or advice.  I'm looking for a good solution for mobile internet surfing in northern Italy, that can be connected to a laptop (you know, that usb stick with a SIM card inside kind of thing). 15 Gb or so at some decent speed. Can you perhaps give a recommendation or two of what to get?    Edit: Just to define what I'm looking for exactly. A data plan of 15 Gb with an internet key (usb stick into which a SMS card goes) that you plug into a laptop. Preferably non-contractual, so I can cancel when I leave. I am not interested in surfing on my mobile phone since due to size I still prefer the smaller Nokia-like models for calls (smaller to carry) - no internet on them. 
24487	Transit Visa in US	I am a foreign student with a Canadian Resident Permit. I intend to travel back to my country for a holiday and will come back to Canada to pursue my study. My flight to my country (Zambia) is through Seattle in the USA where I need to change plane. Do I need a US visa to transit even though I am not getting out of the airport?  
24492	Finding a notary in Mexico City	My employer just handed down an urgent requirement to provide a notarized proof of my eligibility for employment in the U.S.A. I'm in Mexico City now. Is it possible to notarize something here? How can I find a notary recognized in the U.S.A? 
24512	Compact, portable alternative to a bathroom scale	I'm not a complete health nut, but I do like to monitor my body weight.  I used to weigh myself daily on a cheap (read: not entirely accurate) bathroom scale.  Now that I'm traveling, it's completely impractical to carry a bathroom scale in my luggage.  Is there any sort of compact, light-weight alternative? I'm aware of various hanging luggage scales. I expect I could find one compact enough for my needs, then find some way to hang from it, but they tend to have a maximum capacity of around 100lbs (45kg).  Unless I lose a lot of weight, that won't help me.  I also realize I could pop into neighborhood pharmacies or gyms, or use the scales at other locations. But for the purpose of this question, I'm looking for a portable option I can take with me.  I would also be interested in any reliable tricks to calculate my body weight by use of weight distribution, and a hanging luggage scale.  So: What is the most compact device I can take on my travels to reliably weigh myself? 
24515	How many mobile phones can I bring to India?	I am traveling from the UK to Delhi and I am bringing 4 phones with me + mine the rest are for friends.  These phones are all used so will this be an issue in bringing them through customs? 
24532	Transit visa for France while traveling to Fiji?	I am travelling to Fiji from the USA.  I have a layover of 12 hrs in Paris.  Will I require transit visa for the stop in Paris?  I will not leave the airport.  I am a Fijian Citizen. 
24538	What routes are there to cross the Pacific (without flying)?	This question is similar to Is possible to cross the Bering Strait without flying? but broader.  If you depart from North America, how can you reach any East Asian destination by cruise, ferry, cargo ship or anything that doesn't fly?   Are there regular cruises Seattle - Hawaii - Tokyo? Or something similar? 
24538	What routes are there to cross the Pacific (without flying)?	This question is similar to Is possible to cross the Bering Strait without flying? but broader.  If you depart from North America, how can you reach any East Asian destination by cruise, ferry, cargo ship or anything that doesn't fly?   Are there regular cruises Seattle - Hawaii - Tokyo? Or something similar? 
24536	Do I need a Canada transit visa as an Indian citizen?	I am travelling from US to Bangalore (INDIA) via Canada, in Canada I have to change the flight from Air Canada to Ethihad airways and have layover time of 3 hours. I'm an Indian citizen. Do I need a Canada transit visa? I don't want to visit Canada. 
24547	Ferry from Motobu, Okinawa to Kagoshima, Kyushu?	I know there is a ferry from Naha, Okinawa to Kagoshima, Kyushu.  I know it takes on the order of a whole day or longer and that its price is approximately equivalent to $150. I am also aware that there might be flights to the main islands of Japan for less.  In my searching I found a mention that the ferry stops at Motobu in the north of Okinawa on the way. Naha is in the south. But I can't seem to find any information on whether it's possible to for a passenger to board the ferry in Motobu and, if so, whether the price might be a little cheaper.  (I am also interested in other ways of getting from Okinawa to the main islands of Japan by sea too but have not come across anything else.) 
24571	Is fuel dumping a peculiarity of American airlines?	This question gave me some insight into the world of "fuel dumping", the technique of booking an irrelevant fare to avoid or remove a fuel surcharge.  The descriptions of it that I find on the web all seem to involve American airlines, so I was wondering whether this is a peculiarity of their booking and charge systems?  Australian fares tend to still have the fuel surcharge as significantly less than the base fare, for example, so I don't know if it would be worth it or even possible.  The Middle Eastern airlines tend to have lower fuel surcharges as well.  I don't know about Asian or European airlines. 
24401	Dual Citizen (US/UK) Cuba Travel	This is a bit of a complicated case. I am a dual citizen of UK and US, though am a resident of the US. I left the USA with my British passport (the exit stamp is in my British passport). Since then I have been travelling exclusively with my British passport through Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Salvador, Guatemala and Mexico. All the stamps are in my British Passport. Now, I want to go to Cuba. If I use my British passport then I will end up, even if I avoid the entry stamp to Cuba, with two entry stamps to Mexico in a short period of time, a telltale sign of someone who has travelled to Cuba. Then when I return to the US, I may have to explain. My other option, as I see it, is ironically enough using my American passport. I wont get an entry stamp to Cuba, I'll just end up with an entry stamp to Mexico. However, when I arrive back in the US, I will present my British passport with no evidence of my trip to Cuba. I suppose the downside is that my US passport will always have that odd entry stamp.   Any suggestions? Is there any way to avoid getting the extra entry stamp into Mexico? Should I pay the immigrations officer off? 
24613	Syrian Citizen : USA transit Visa?	I'm, Syrian Citizen, travelling from Dubai to Turks and Caicos. The plane transit by NY JFK, do I need transit Visa. 
24568	What kind of Canadian drivers' license do we need to rent a car in the USA?	My boyfriend and I are planning a roadtrip to California in June. We'll both be 26 at the time, and we both have drivers' licenses - just different kinds.  Mine is a Class 5 license, which is the "full license" standard in our home province of BC.  His is a Class 7, which is the "new driver" license, and comes with a few restrictions.  If we're going to be on the road for a week, it would be great if I didn't have to be behind the wheel the whole time. Will we have any difficulty renting a car with him as an additional driver, if he doesn't have the full Class 5 license? 
24602	Getting from Siem Reap (Angkor Wat) to Bangkok - easiest way?	I am visiting Siem Reap in april, and after seeing Angkor wat and the other cultural relics in the area, I want to go to Bangkok.  As I am going to be travelling with a suitcase and not a backpack, I considered just taking the plane.  However, if you also want to experience "some local", what would be the preferable way to do it? And what's more convenient?  
24630	Is there anything to do during an 8 hour after-midnight layover in Dubai?	We are planning a trip with an 8 hour layover in Dubai spanning from 1am-9am. I am thinking about going to see the city, but is it worth it to do it given the very late night hours? Will at least the outside attractions accessible?   Will Burj Khalifa be visible in the middle of the night?  Will at least some of the malls be open?  Will there be anything to do at night?  I have seen other questions about layovers in Dubai (A day at Dubai International Airport and the city?), but none of them is asking about a night-only stay. 
89	How to insure checked luggage?	I know that you are not supposed to put valuables into checked baggage, but in some cases it is necessary. For example if you have large valuable items that do not fit in carry-on or if you have enough valuable items that you can not fit them all in carry-on.   My understanding is that while airlines do accept liability for baggage, they typically exclude valuable items such as electronics, jewelry etc. and the liability dollar limit is quite low. I've also heard they will won't accept liability for loss, damage or delay caused by "security searches." Here for example is American Airlines Baggage Liability Limitations.  Given that it seems that airlines have limited their liability to the extent that they probably won't pay for anything valuable -- or perhaps anything at all if they can blame the "security procedures" -- what is the best insurance to protect yourself? I'm from the USA and interested about insurance for international travel. 
24658	Prepaid SIM card for data in Italy	I am looking for a (local) pre-paid data SIM card for my trip to Italy. What matters the most is a price for GB of data only, I don't really need voice calls. Coverage in the Alps should be decent too. I guess the local SIM still gives me the best value in comparison to EU-regulated data roaming charges. 
24659	Maximum cash allowed when travelling to the US	I was wondering if someone knows the legal limit of cash money allowed per adult tourist when entering the US, especially from the UK.  The reason is that I would like to get the best conversion rate and buy some dollars (selling my GBP) at the UK cambios/exchange offices so that my bank fees and other charges can be avoided. Therefore, taking the legal limit of cash will help me to make the most out from the currency conversion mishapps.  Any idea on those numbers? 
24666	Do US citizens need a visa for transit in Frankfurt?	I am a US citizen.  I have a transit in Frankfurt for 12 and half hours. I will fly from Detroit to Frankfurt then to Amman, Jordan.  I was planning to stay at the airport hotel, but I was wondering whether I need a visa to leave the airport? 
24672	Half day in Tallinn	In the spirit of Half day in Berlin - after non-classical tourist spots I'd like to ask the community about what can be seen in Tallinn on a Saturday afternoon? 
24663	Non-'adult' activities in Austin (USA) for a bachelor party	I'll be traveling to Austin, TX for a bachelor party. As none of the guys in our group have been to Austin (and I was only there for a couple days 5 years ago), I'm trying to discover some non-adult activities we can do there.  My two biggest challenges are:   Bachelor party websites for Austin keep touting 'adult' activities, but the bachelor has zero interest in that. Some of the suggested activities are way too expensive. The guys going aren't poor but $500 for a "party barge" + $200/hr is too much.   Can anyone suggest some non-Adult, Austin specific activities that would be fun for a bachelor party weekend?  Some ideas I've already run across are: tubing (River Sports Tubes) and indoor go-karting (K1 Speed).  
24706	5 hour international layover in Tokyo Narita?	I have a 5 hour layover in Tokyo, between Hong Kong and Boston. Is that enough time to leave the airport and see the city? If not, is there anything I can do in the airport? 
24723	Can I stop at Amami on the ferry between Okinawa and Kagoshima without having to pay more?	I'm currently on the main island of Okinawa Japan. I intend to take the ferry to Kagoshima, Kyushu when I'm ready to leave but ...  I know both ferry companies that operate the route make a stop at another Okinawan island about half way to Kyushu called Amami.  But I don't know if I have to buy two separate tickets if I want to spend some time there.  Or is there any kind of special ticket that allows something like a hop-on hop-off service for this route?  According to Wikivoyage the ferry prices are:   Kagoshima (11 hours) ¥8,800 Naha (13 hours) ¥9,300   That comes to ¥18,100 which seems quite a bit more than the direct fare from Naha to Kagoshima: ¥15,200 - Is there a way to make it cheaper?  (I'll be going the cheapest way possible, which I assume is 2nd class, and actually from Motobu rather than Naha.) 
19790	Are the hoses in toilets in Asia something I should know about?	I have noticed random bits of hose without proper fittings before I think for example in India and just assumed they are for use by the cleaners or for filling the water jug in squat toilets.  But Now I'm travelling in Malaysia and Singapore and there are more western toilets than squat toilets in the places I've been yet proper hoses with proper fittings are very common in toilets:  (Hose next to a Western style toilet in my hostel in Chinatown, Kuala Lumpur.)  At one place in Singapore there were even signs on each cubicle door stating whether it contained a western or squat toilet, but also whether there was a hose! (I didn't take a photo of the sign, unfortunately)  This makes me think there is a use for the hose for clients, not just cleaners. But for what purpose? Should I know how to use it as a tourist? Please tell me it's not a kind of alternative to a bidet!  Possibly related is the fact that many toilet floors are awash with water. This can be a big problem if you're not wearing waterproof shoes or have to lower your trousers and keep them dry. Other than this toilets are pretty clean and I've seen both the hoses and the wetness in what I would regard as somewhat "fancy" places. 
7091	How to use Turkish toilet tap?	I was in Turkey a while ago, and encountered sit toilets with taps (edit: taps controlling a nozzle a wee way below a normal western sit-toilet rim, making a little fountain from the back to the front inside the bowl). While I was brave enough to turn the tap on briefly, I was perplexed that the stream wasn't particularly forceful, so it's obviously intended that one uses one's hand, but since toilet paper was provided, I didn't need to experiment.  My question amounts to: how does it work? Is it basically the same leaning to one side to wipe? If so, do you follow up with soap both on hands and derrière, or... how do you know which towel to sully? (Edit: aside from it being a chilly experience, I don't want to end up with an uncomfortably and embarrassingly wet bottom or find myself having used over half a roll to get dry, or use the wrong towel, assuming there's one even there!) 
24732	Time between visits without a visa	If you go to Italy without a visa and leave at the 90 day mark, how long do you have to stay out of the country before you can return without a visa 
24726	How to safely transport money?	I am looking for a safe way of transporting money while traveling. Are there any good guides or tips?  I know CC or ATM machines are almost available everywhere... they almost always work well. But it's the almost part that worries me more. Unforeseen situation like out of cash machines, bank limitation, governmental limitation, etc. can ruin your travel plans. Physical money is still the widest used mean everywhere and it's good to have some backup just in case.  The problem is transporting it safely. The best would be carrying it with you, not in bags, or leave it somewhere. The wallet is too visible and can easily be stolen, the backpack the same. Although rare I am sure we all know stories of stolen property in hotels / hostels /etc  What tactics and ideas are there to safely transport and keep money?  Are there any "gadgets" that may help to avoid or dissuade someone from stealing? 
24726	How to safely transport money?	I am looking for a safe way of transporting money while traveling. Are there any good guides or tips?  I know CC or ATM machines are almost available everywhere... they almost always work well. But it's the almost part that worries me more. Unforeseen situation like out of cash machines, bank limitation, governmental limitation, etc. can ruin your travel plans. Physical money is still the widest used mean everywhere and it's good to have some backup just in case.  The problem is transporting it safely. The best would be carrying it with you, not in bags, or leave it somewhere. The wallet is too visible and can easily be stolen, the backpack the same. Although rare I am sure we all know stories of stolen property in hotels / hostels /etc  What tactics and ideas are there to safely transport and keep money?  Are there any "gadgets" that may help to avoid or dissuade someone from stealing? 
24737	Missing baggage after connected Flight - what steps to take?	My connected flight was purchased from Air France from Paris to Vancouver. The first flight (Paris-Toronto) was operated by Air France, the second one (Toronto-Vancouver) was operated by Air Canada. In Paris, Air France told me my baggage would be delivered to Vancouver airport directly. So I have filled out the declaration form to pass customs in Toronto without collecting my baggage. But after I arrived at Vancouver airport, Air Canada told me I should have collected baggage to pass the customs in Toronto and then checked in again. So Air Canada doesn't know where my baggage is right now.   In this situation, what should I do now? 
24741	Visiting Korea as an Indonesian citizen with a US student visa: Do I need a visa for Korea?	I live in Seattle. I am an international grad student in the US. I carry an Indonesian passport.  And, I would like to visit Korea for 1 to 2 weeks.   What kind of visa do I need to apply for? How long does it take to process the visa? Do I visit an office in Seattle or do I apply for it online? 
24730	One-way USA to Switzerland without a return ticket	I am flying from the USA to Switzerland with a one way ticket. I will also be flying from Switzerland to Spain and be traveling around in Europe but I do not have a return ticket because I am not sure from which country I will be departing from. Would this be an issue for the airlines?  I am flying through American Airlines and Iberia. 
24676	How to obtain tickets for Cancun to Havana flight?	Everywhere I've looked, websites just state to buy a ticket when in Cancun, but where can I do this? Are there offices in Cancun or do I have to go to Cancun airport and go directly to Aeromexico or Cubana desk? 
11250	Getting a tourist Schengen visa after working visa	Here's my situation. I am currently in France on an internship visa (different than a business and tourist visa) which ends next month. I'm interested in doing some traveling afterwards, ideally on a 90-day Schengen tourist visa. I'm willing to hop over to a non-Schengen country (like the UK) for a couple days and then come back to get the tourist visa if necessary.   This post seems similar to my question, except the OP is trying to get the tourist visa without leaving the Schengen area.  Is this allowed? Will the border patrol still give me the tourist visa after my internship visa expires? Will it work through the UK or should I go through another non-Schengen country? I have a USA passport. 
24751	Renting apartaments for less than month in Europe?	In the European countries which I have visit, renting apartments or room for short term, strongly increases its price.  On the other hand, in many of the South Asian countries, price of all terms longer than week is almost the same as for long-term rent.  I am looking for European locations where renting per week would not make it no more then 50% more expensive then renting per month for the similar duration stay e.g. 4 weeks = 1 month. 
24751	Renting apartaments for less than month in Europe?	In the European countries which I have visit, renting apartments or room for short term, strongly increases its price.  On the other hand, in many of the South Asian countries, price of all terms longer than week is almost the same as for long-term rent.  I am looking for European locations where renting per week would not make it no more then 50% more expensive then renting per month for the similar duration stay e.g. 4 weeks = 1 month. 
24751	Renting apartaments for less than month in Europe?	In the European countries which I have visit, renting apartments or room for short term, strongly increases its price.  On the other hand, in many of the South Asian countries, price of all terms longer than week is almost the same as for long-term rent.  I am looking for European locations where renting per week would not make it no more then 50% more expensive then renting per month for the similar duration stay e.g. 4 weeks = 1 month. 
24833	Can I hire a car in the US with UK provisional Licence?	Whilst I am travelling, I would like to rent a car from NY or LA. Is it possible with a UK provisional driving licence?  
24838	Should I have a transit visa in Frankfurt?	I  have Syrian passport with USA visa. I will travel from USA to Lebanon but I have one stop in Frankfurt. I want to ask if I need visa to stay in the airport in Frankfurt until I have my next flight.  
24856	For countries that issue e-visas, do any also take up a full page of your passport when you arrive?	Even though I travel a lot I've never had an e-visa.  I just found out at least some countries that issue e-visas do not then attach a full page version of the visa into your passport when you arrive. Apparently I could've visited Cambodia on my way from Thailand to Laos without using up a page, had I known.  So is this the way e-visas always work, or do they sometimes supplement the e-visa with a physical full page one when you arrive?  Of the two countries I've either been to or almost been to, both Armenia and Cambodia require a full page visa for Australians if we get regular visas on arrival, but both don't seem to require a passport page if you get an e-visa in advance, it will only be on a separate piece of paper. 
24862	Rechecking baggage for AA flight Paris--New York--Boston	I'll soon be flying from Paris, CDG to New York, with a connecting flight to Boston.  Does anyone know if I will need to claim and then recheck my baggage in New York before my flight to Boston?  The flight is with American Airlines. Thanks! 
24979	If someone has a photocopy of my passport, could they steal my identity?	Someone has taken a copy of my passport and other identification.  Does that mean it's possible for someone to steal my identity? 
24988	What happens if I have checked-in bags and decide not to board my connecting flight on return?	I have a 3 stop return flight plan from ICN (Seoul) scheduled in a few months. I opted for this flight plan due to the discounted price it was offered at.  The plan is ICN - DTW - MSP - FNT. DTW is only an hour or so drive away from FNT, but instead the airline is opting for me to spend 9 hours going through Minneapolis.  Can I convince the airline to release my luggage? And if they won't release my luggage, how will it be returned to me? (Maybe I can just go pick them up in flint? :)  I plan on asking them since it can't hurt to ask, but I wondered if anyone had any experience with this. Airline is Delta. 
24989	Departure time of given flight at given date	I have been looking on the internet for a solution to my problem. I had a flight delay of over 6 hours at Paris CDG, and for my complaint form I need to know the exact departure time of my flight, but I do not remember exactly.   Is there a website where I can know that?   For example: Flight AF0422 the 4th March 2014.   Thanks a lot! I hope this is the place to ask this kinds of questions, if it isn't forgive me and would be grateful for suggestions of where to find the info. 
24994	Transiting US to Korea with ESTA	I visited(with ESTA) U.S. June-Sept(about 85 days) 2013 and revisited U.S. in Jan 1st 2014 and planning to go to Guatemala on March 27th.  I'm planning to travel Guatemala for about 10 days and planning to go back to Korea on April 6th or 7th. BUT here is my problem.  Since there is no one way flight from Guatemala to S. Korea, I will have to transit in LAX but people have been telling me that U.S. Customs and Border Protection can deny my entrance and cancel my ESTA and they said that could stop me from re-visiting or getting student visa for the future. Is that true? Will I have problem just to TRANSIT a flight in LAX?  Otherwise, I will have to stop by at EUROPE which will take much more time. Please give me an CORRECT answer ASAP.  I've called U.S. Embassy but they just gave me an web add for U.S. Customs and Border Protection which didn't have answer. 
24980	Language problems at the airport?	I have a family member who speaks Romanian but not English, French or any other world language. If she flies alone, how can she pass through the control points (immigration, customs) at the airport?  Would it work if she brings a sheet with translations of the common questions and answers? Do airports (CDG in particular) have interpreters available for most languages? Is there any arrival card (for France) she will need to fill? 
25005	Travel with an empty stroller?	On an international flight (with connections) I am planning on bringing a stroller... with no baby!  Will they make me pay for a 2nd luggage? What am I supposed to do with it? 
25016	Is free camping permitted in Japan?	I'm planning to go to Japan this summer, and after visiting a relative, I'm planning to go on a hike for 5 to 7 days.  I was wondering if camping out in the wild is permitted anywhere in japan, like it is in Scandinavia. I don't mind about the costs, but I just like the solitude and the idea of pitching your tent wherever you want.  I'm particularly interested in going to Hokkaido, maybe to Daizetsusan National Park. 
25032	Transfer time at Newark	Is 95 minutes enough transfer time at Newark (ewr) incoming at terminal B from Cancun, outgoing from terminal B for Oslo?  Flying United all the way. 
25032	Transfer time at Newark	Is 95 minutes enough transfer time at Newark (ewr) incoming at terminal B from Cancun, outgoing from terminal B for Oslo?  Flying United all the way. 
25063	Dual UK/Australian citizen... entry to UK with Australian passport only?	Can I re enter into the United Kingdom on my Australian Passport (with a photocopy of my british passport) ??   I am travelling to the USA and need to leave my UK passport here to get a visa sorted out to Russia, can I get back in with out my UK Passport with out any problems? 
25064	How much cash should I carry for driving a rental car in Italy?	My wife and I are traveling to Europe this May. We are renting a car in Florence, Italy for driving around Tuscany. We decided she will learn the language and I'll learn to drive there.  I've been trying to nail down the final preparations. I found this question covering the international driver's license. However, I've also read on the US government travel advisory website that you may need to pay traffic citations on the spot, or risk having your car impounded.     U.S. citizens driving in Italy should also note that, according to Italian regulation, if a resident of a non-European Union country (e.g., the United States) violates a traffic law, the violator must pay the fine at the time the violation occurs to the police officer issuing the ticket. If the citizen does not or cannot pay the fine at the time, Italian regulation allows the police officer to confiscate the offender’s vehicle (even if the vehicle is a rental vehicle).   What are the exact procedures for this? I'm guessing that officers in remote parts of Tuscany won't be carrying portal credit card readers with them, so I will need to carry cash. We're not planning on violating any traffic laws, but sometimes mistakes are made. How much cash should I plan on having to pay for common traffic violations (e.g. speeding, failure to yield, illegal turn in an intersection etc.)? Do parking tickets work the same way? 
25075	If I manage a trip drinking a little bit of local water without Delhi Belly, am I now fine in future?	I'm just back from a trip to Bangalore, which is one of those places where you risk Delhi Belly (or whatever the Bangalore local equivalent is!). On previous trips, I've sadly ended up affected by it.  This trip though, despite having some drinks made with local tap water ice cubes, and a few drinks I later discovered were made with local tap water, I was fine!  Does that mean I've now adjusted to whatever the beasties are in Bangalore water, and I'll be fine in future? Or did I just get lucky, and I'll need to take care on future trips? 
25091	How to fill questions 25, 29 and 30 for Multi entry Schengen visa form	I am going to have two separate short trips(non consecutive) in June to two countries in Schengen zone. I am trying to fill in a form for multi entry Schengen visa. But the form seems to be compiled for single entry visa. I am not quiet sure how to fill in answers for the following questions.   25. Duration of the intended stay or transit Indicate number of days   Should I just enter the total like 9 days? Or something like 4 + 5. Or maybe 4 and 5  29. Intended date of arrival in the Schengen Area   This one should I write 1st June? Or 1st June and 15th of June.   30. Intended date of departure from the Schengen Area   Same for this just 20th of June? Or both 4th and 20th of June  See the link for the full PDF form here http://se.vfsglobal.co.uk/pdf/VISA_FORM-PDF_FORMAT.pdf 
25104	As a Syrian, will I need a transit visa for Stockholm Arlanda airport?	I am a Syrian citizen. In a month’s time I am going to China, transitioning in Istanbul from Beirut.  My return ticket is from China to Istanbul, transitioning in Stockholm Arlanda.  Will I need a transit visa for Stockholm? 
25115	Are Indians as pushy to one another as they appear to be to Westerners?	So I'm in India right now and and idk...  it feels like I can't walk more than a few yards without being accosted by someone trying to get me to ride their auto rickshaw or buy whatever it is that they're selling or whatever.  I say "i'm just taking a leisurely stroll" and they're like "let me drive you to where you're strolling to!" and I'm like "no" and they're like "let me just drive you around for 15 minutes for free!" and I'm like "no" and they're like "how about five minutes? It's free!".  It's relentless and it's very annoying. I've no doubt I'm being singled out because I'm about as white as one can get but I'm still curious...  do Indians do this to each other? 
25125	London Underground Tickets	I am planning a visit to London for a couple of days. I will be staying at a hotel near Heathrow airport.  I am planning to use the underground as follows   Upon my arrival, from terminal 5 to Hounslow West, where my hotel is situated in From Hounslow West to terminal 5, to meet a colleague Then from Hounslow West to somewhere in central London, to see Big Ben and London's Eye(perhaps I will do this route once more, so 2 in total) From central London to terminal 5   What's the best way to organize the tickets? Shall I buy a card? Is it better to use simple paper tickets?  In case it is better to buy a card, where to buy it from? Is there a possibility to get such a card in the airport? How much money should I load it with?  Note that I will be having Euros and not British Pounds, so I was wondering if Euros are accepted both for cards or paper tickets? 
25127	Is it quite expensive to Exchange euros to pounds and vice versa at Heathrow?	I am planning a visit to London. I was wondering what are the optimum choices to exchange euros to pounds and pounds to euros?  Is there an extra charge, apart from the exchange rate?  Is it safe to do it in Heathrow?  For a 2 day stay, eating finger food, not drinking and not spending a lot of money(except some cheap street souvenirs) what is fair amount of money to be needed? 
25132	Withdrawing Euros from Moroccan ATMs?	Are there ATMs in Marrakech where I could withdraw EUR? Do these come with additional fees? Would I be better off buying the EUR in the US at a bureau de change? (New York or Chicago)  I'm planning on withdrawing MAD for most of my expenses (Is this unwise?) but there is one place I'm staying where the owner has requested I pay him in EUR.  Related Questions  Availability of ATMs and exchange places in Morocco: Discusses general availability of ATMs in Morocco Should I change most of my money in my home country or in the destination country?: Suggests withdrawing currency from an ATM offers the best rate 
25132	Withdrawing Euros from Moroccan ATMs?	Are there ATMs in Marrakech where I could withdraw EUR? Do these come with additional fees? Would I be better off buying the EUR in the US at a bureau de change? (New York or Chicago)  I'm planning on withdrawing MAD for most of my expenses (Is this unwise?) but there is one place I'm staying where the owner has requested I pay him in EUR.  Related Questions  Availability of ATMs and exchange places in Morocco: Discusses general availability of ATMs in Morocco Should I change most of my money in my home country or in the destination country?: Suggests withdrawing currency from an ATM offers the best rate 
25097	How to identify international flights likely to have fewer passengers	I've flown long-distance internationally a few times.  Some of those flights have been practically full, while others I've had three seats to myself to lay down and sleep throughout the journey.  I've found this can be the difference between a productive day on arrival versus simply needing to sleep.  I'm interested to know whether there are any rules of thumb or tricks for picking international flights that are likely to have fewer passengers?  Typically I might have time/date flexibility in choosing a flight on the order of days if day of week/time of day has a meaningful impact.  I wouldn't normally have flexibility on the order of months i.e. I can't choose what time of year to travel, but if this makes a meaningful difference, I'd also be interested to know.  To be clear I'd also be interested in factors other than time - e.g. certain routes or airlines that can with some degree of confidence be predicted to have fewer passengers on a given flight.  I guess what would be really great is if there is some kind of public record of airline occupancy for individual flights, which could be used to predict future flight occupancy. 
25142	Is there a list of countries that require six months' validity remaining on your New Zealand passport?	As we know, some countries require you to have six months remaining on your passport in order to visit.  I'm uncertain as to whether this differs for each origin country - for example, one list seems to suggest some countries have different rules for the US as a result of bilateral agreements.  I'm going to be travelling later this year and could enter the sketchy period where there'll be 5-7 months left on my passport towards the end of the trip. It's a New Zealand passport, so I'm trying to find a list of the countries that I'll need a new passport for - if I don't need to get one yet, I'd rather not. 
25144	Using a quad-band phone in Japan?	I've got a Nexus 4, but was told that despite it being quad-band, it won't work in Japan. Do they have a different network there?  I've answered a question before on getting up and running in Japan with a cellphone, but now I'm wondering if it's even possible with a phone like mine. 
25162	Maximum Number of Occupants crossing US/Canada Border	There was a question on the maximum number of occupants in a vehicle in Oklahoma.  Now I have an issue:  My wife will be driving to Canada with our friends the car she wants to drive is an SUV with 2 rows(2 in the front and a bench in the back).  I was wondering if seating 1 adult and 3 kids in the back will be an issue crossing the US-Canada border? 
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
25223	How do you deal with beggars?	Where I live, there are hardly any beggars. But wherever I travel (big cities, small cities -- really anywhere) I keep occasionally running into beggars. Now, I do sympathise with these people, but I still feel terribly uncomfortable when I'm approached by one.   What is the best way to "get rid" of a beggar without being outright disrespectful to them? Often I just awkwardly ignore them or tell them I don't have any money with me, but sometimes they are way more persistent than what I'm comfortable with. 
25196	Valid Schengen visa in unmarried name and old expired passport, can I travel with both again?	I am a spouse of a British citizen and applied and was granted a Schengen visa from the French embassy last year, which is valid till 2015, this was however in my passport which has my maiden name. I have recently changed all my documents and passport to my married name including getting a new passport. When I got the new passport, my old one was made void by punching 2 holes through the bio data page.  My question is, I would like to go to Spain for a wedding next month, can I travel with both my passports or will I need to cancel the old visa in expired passport from French embassy and then apply for a new visa from the Spanish embassy? 
25212	Insurance for travel to the USA while pregnant	I'm five weeks pregnant and accompanying my husband to the USA for two months. Can I get medical insurance? If so, what companies, premiums and coverage? 
25248	Taking Roissy Bus from Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile to CDG Terminal 2	I am confused because on they Way to Paris from CDG I took Roissy Bus to Opera. It did not stop at CdG Etoile. Today I am very busy going to CDG airport. Is there a stop at etoile? The web page is not clear about this. 
25225	Traveling to Germany before using a type D visa for Belgium	I have a valid Belgium work permit and visa type D, however due to project delays, my travel to Belgium is delayed for few more months, so that visa is not utilized. However I would like to travel to Germany even before this travel.  Can I apply for a separate Schengen tourist visa for Germany in that case and travel? Will the immigration entry will be smooth for me? Or do I need to cancel the existing Belgium visa to secure a new tourist visa for Germany? 
25225	Traveling to Germany before using a type D visa for Belgium	I have a valid Belgium work permit and visa type D, however due to project delays, my travel to Belgium is delayed for few more months, so that visa is not utilized. However I would like to travel to Germany even before this travel.  Can I apply for a separate Schengen tourist visa for Germany in that case and travel? Will the immigration entry will be smooth for me? Or do I need to cancel the existing Belgium visa to secure a new tourist visa for Germany? 
25288	With National Visa D for Hungary, can I stay a couple of days in another Schengen country before arriving Hungary?	I've got the National D visa for Hungary for studies. I am from Peru. The best price for me is taking Air Europa Lima-Madrid-Amsterdam ticket and from there I would need to change of terminal, take my luggage to take the another ticket KLM to Budapest. Is that possible to do with a D national visa? 
25288	With National Visa D for Hungary, can I stay a couple of days in another Schengen country before arriving Hungary?	I've got the National D visa for Hungary for studies. I am from Peru. The best price for me is taking Air Europa Lima-Madrid-Amsterdam ticket and from there I would need to change of terminal, take my luggage to take the another ticket KLM to Budapest. Is that possible to do with a D national visa? 
25296	Train and tram tickets in Amsterdam?	I know there's the OV chipcard for travel, but the empty card itself cost money. Then I have to top-up the travel value.   How about the GVB 1 day card that cost 7.50? Does it mean I have to pay for the empty card as well? Will the GVB 1 day card works for the train from Schiphol to Amsterdam CS? Or must I use the OV chipcard?  
25327	What are the residence requirements to use a foreign driving licence in California?	On the back of Driving license in California, and as per California's DMV on International Driving Permits:      California does recognize a valid driver license that is issued by a foreign jurisdiction (country, state, territory) of which the license holder is a resident.   and on How to apply for a driver license if you are over 18:       If you are a visitor in California over 18 and have a valid driver license from your home state or country, you may drive in this state without getting a California driver license as long as your home state license remains valid.   What if the driver holds a driving license from a foreign country of which they're not resident (i.e. they're resident of yet another foreign country)? Does this mean they cannot use that license to drive in California?  
25256	Where in the world can you tour a live nuclear reactor?	Are there nuclear plants that allow you to tour the facility and learn more about nuclear power while the plant is running? 
25330	Where can I buy a GPS/satnav near St Pancras or Paddington stations?	It's often cheaper to buy a GPS/satnav than renting them from a hirecar company, but unfortunately we'll be travelling from Paris through London to Swansea to pick up the car.    I'd imagine it'd be easier to pick up a cheap GPS/satnav in London than Swansea, so are there stores that I could buy one in near St Pancras or Paddington stations? 
25339	What is the most cost effective way to get turn-by-turn navigation in the UK?	Extracting from the comments a question on buying a GPS in the UK, what is the most cost effective way to get turn-by-turn navigation in the UK?  Comparison of costs:   Buying a GPS in the UK, less than GBP40/AUD$75. Buying UK maps and taking our own GPS, AUD$75. Renting a GPS from a car rental agency, GBP168/AUD$300 (12 days @ GBP14/day). Using either of our phones with maps, AUD$30.46 per MB (HAHAHA!).  
25339	What is the most cost effective way to get turn-by-turn navigation in the UK?	Extracting from the comments a question on buying a GPS in the UK, what is the most cost effective way to get turn-by-turn navigation in the UK?  Comparison of costs:   Buying a GPS in the UK, less than GBP40/AUD$75. Buying UK maps and taking our own GPS, AUD$75. Renting a GPS from a car rental agency, GBP168/AUD$300 (12 days @ GBP14/day). Using either of our phones with maps, AUD$30.46 per MB (HAHAHA!).  
25354	Travelling from Gothenburg to Zurich	 I have a Swedish residence permit and a non-EU passport. Do I need a visa to travel to Switzerland? I am almost sure that I don't need it, but still would like someone here to confirm. If you were a backpacker, how would you travel from Gothenburg to Zurich? I basically want to avoid taking flights so that I can see more of the countryside by bus or train.  
25327	What are the residence requirements to use a foreign driving licence in California?	On the back of Driving license in California, and as per California's DMV on International Driving Permits:      California does recognize a valid driver license that is issued by a foreign jurisdiction (country, state, territory) of which the license holder is a resident.   and on How to apply for a driver license if you are over 18:       If you are a visitor in California over 18 and have a valid driver license from your home state or country, you may drive in this state without getting a California driver license as long as your home state license remains valid.   What if the driver holds a driving license from a foreign country of which they're not resident (i.e. they're resident of yet another foreign country)? Does this mean they cannot use that license to drive in California?  
25367	Round trip vs two one-way tickets?	Is there any substantial disadvantage to booking two one-way tickets, versus a round trip ticket?  Booking vacation travel with family of four for winter, from Northeast US to Mexico.  Round trip is pricy and no preferred travel times.  Two one ways is slightly cheaper with much preferred timing.      Different airlines there and back, both reputable national US carriers. 
25367	Round trip vs two one-way tickets?	Is there any substantial disadvantage to booking two one-way tickets, versus a round trip ticket?  Booking vacation travel with family of four for winter, from Northeast US to Mexico.  Round trip is pricy and no preferred travel times.  Two one ways is slightly cheaper with much preferred timing.      Different airlines there and back, both reputable national US carriers. 
25390	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month. Is Canada added to 90 days?	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month.  Will being in Canada add to my 90 days? Thanks! 
25390	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month. Is Canada added to 90 days?	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month.  Will being in Canada add to my 90 days? Thanks! 
25390	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month. Is Canada added to 90 days?	I’m Australian entering USA on a VWP for 90 days then go to Canada for a month.  Will being in Canada add to my 90 days? Thanks! 
25392	Schengen Visa require 2 blank pages. 2 both side blank pages? or one side blank	HI I am applying for a Schengen visa. I have one page with both sides blank and two one side blank pages in my passport. Is it enough for Schengen Visa?  They say that I need two blank pages. Is it both side blank or will one side blank do? 
25392	Schengen Visa require 2 blank pages. 2 both side blank pages? or one side blank	HI I am applying for a Schengen visa. I have one page with both sides blank and two one side blank pages in my passport. Is it enough for Schengen Visa?  They say that I need two blank pages. Is it both side blank or will one side blank do? 
25404	insider restaurant tip for traditional cuisine in Vienna	we would like to find a non-touristy place where locals go to, serving Austrian dishes, downtown Vienna 
25418	How much to tip at restaurants in Australia?	Is the tipping culture prevalent in Australia ? Especially at restaurants ?  How much should I tip after a meal costing $50 (incl taxes) at a restaurant ? (The food is horribly expensive and the portions are small compared to the US) Also, do I have to tip at barber shop ? 
25425	From Europe. Flying into USA with an ESTA and later visiting Canada 2 days, re-enter USA. Problem?	Coming From Europe. Flying into USA with an ESTA. Staying 3 weeks, followed by a 2 days visit to Niagara Falls Canada. Will re-entering the US be a problem, visa-wise? 
25431	Entering using one passport and exiting using another	My old roommate has a dual citizenship of Venezuela and Costa Rica. He is an F-1 student in the United States.  An year ago he wanted to travel to Europe for 90 Days under the Schengen Visa Exemption and study there in a French University. Unfortunately his Venezuelan Passport was due to expire between his duration of travel and was the one that was stamped with the US Visa.  He planned his trip in such a way so that he could enter the Schengen Region with his Costa Rican passport and come back to the US on the same effectively using a different passport for the same visa.  How is this possible? I'll add more details as soon as I get more from my friend! 
25431	Entering using one passport and exiting using another	My old roommate has a dual citizenship of Venezuela and Costa Rica. He is an F-1 student in the United States.  An year ago he wanted to travel to Europe for 90 Days under the Schengen Visa Exemption and study there in a French University. Unfortunately his Venezuelan Passport was due to expire between his duration of travel and was the one that was stamped with the US Visa.  He planned his trip in such a way so that he could enter the Schengen Region with his Costa Rican passport and come back to the US on the same effectively using a different passport for the same visa.  How is this possible? I'll add more details as soon as I get more from my friend! 
25440	Any alternative ways to find hostels than hostelworld or hostelbookers	Are there any other reliable ways to find cheap, hostel like accommodation last minute, without using hostel world or hostel bookers?   I'm currently finding all accommodation booked up on these two sites :-\ 
25456	LHR to BOS with BA oneway or return and throwaway	I am about to transfer to Boston from the UK and looking at flights.  Premium Economy return is £20 cheaper than regular economy one way.  I understand the reasons for this (many questions here).  My questions are related to the consequence and any other issues arising.    My departure date is fixed, so I do not need flexibility.  As this is one way trip, I am not fused about not using the return leg.    I am BA Bronze at the moment and did plan on collecting points for this flight.  Is it likely there will be any adverse consequence of this?  As this is being booked through work, the travel agent is a bit reluctant but has not given me a solid or reasonable explanation of why not to do this.  This is a one off and will not be a regular occurrence.  Further I have already booked a holiday with BA from BOS to TLS for september.  Will "missing" my return flight have any impact on this flight? 
25487	How to dry yourself after using the hand shower in the toilets?	Inspired by this question How to use toilet paper I want to ask "How to use toilet without toilet paper".  During my travels through Asian countries, it was common to see the toilet  without toilet paper but with hand shower. For me it's still unbelievable, that somebody may use only hand shower afterwards.  I'm not asking about how to use those hand showers. I'm asking about what to do next. Dress on the wet body or what? Is it healthy? Can you get cold to wear wet underwear?   p.s. I know I can take a toilet paper with myself. I'm asking how to do it in common basis. Especially I want to understand how asian and muslim women cope with it. May be they have some secret private towel or using three stones or have some other secret technics.  
25531	Lufthansa connecting flight at Munich, only 45 minutes in between. Will I be able to make it?	I bought a single ticket from Lufthansa, of Mumbai to Paris. My first flight (LH765) lands at 5:55am at Munich, from where I have another Lufthansa flight (LH2226) to Paris at 6:40am. This is a single ticket so I guess its responsibility of the airline to get me on the second flight, but since it's Non-Schengen to Schengen, will customs etc. be a problem? I am assuming the checked-in luggage would transferred automatically by the airline. Will I be able to make it? 
25470	How can I wash myself Indian-style (using water not toilet paper) in Western toilets?	As an Indian I have grown up in Delhi using water to wash after using the toilet instead of toilet paper. In Indian culture this is considered a cleaner practice because of the use of water in order to wash the privates instead of toilet paper which may leave a residue.  Although I was able to comfortably adjust with the toilet paper system, many Indian people find it quite difficult and "dirty".  Are there any tips for a traveler to appropriately conduct themselves while fulfilling their wish of using water instead of toilet paper. I have heard of several people carrying PET bottles to the washroom in Western countries due to lack to tap and jug or hand shower, but I feel this is even worse and inappropriate as well. 
25545	PlayStation 4 from UK to India will I have to pay customs duty?	I bought a PS4 in UK and I've been using it for close to two and a half weeks here and I'm taking it back to India so will I have to pay them? There are no boxes, just the console in one suitcase wrapped in a blanket and the controller in another suitcase.   If I do get stopped how much will I have to pay? The total price I paid was around 38k including a game and the console. 
25558	What constitutes "studying" in the UK for visa purposes?	A comment on this question, points to a document, which specifies that:     You cannot study in the UK with General Visitor or Business Visitor permission and you cannot register at LSE if you have permission as a general visitor for any kind of programme of study.   What constitutes study?  During my 2-month stay in London, I took several walk-in dance classes.  Would this technically be a violation?  What about something more regular, but not accredited? A 6-week Karate course, for instance?  Do I ever need to worry about accidentally taking an illegal course or class?  Or will any eligible institution know to ask for my residency/visa status before admitting me? 
25564	Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years?	Can I travel to Paris with a multiple entry visa valid for 3 years and it is type A visa? I was recently denied a Canadian visa and I need to travel for my holiday.  
25570	How early should I arrive at Logan (Boston) for a weekday late-afternoon flight?	I know that the question of how early to arrive at the airport depends on the airport and how busy it is at particular times.  For a domestic flight leaving Logan (Boston) on a Tuesday at 6:30PM, with no checked baggage, how much time should I allow to get through security and to the correct terminal/gate?  I do not have any privileged status (airline clubs, expedited security, etc). 
25581	Travel with more than one passport	I'm planing a trip between many countries in Asia. I'm not sure if it is safe carry two passports of different countries. Of course both are valid and legal.   I'm scared to travel in poor countries with a high level of corruption and have a problem with stupid things.  If a have to choose between a Brazilian or a Portuguese which one is better?  
25584	Book connecting flight, but only board at second airport?	I'm looking to book flights from) Philadelphia (PHL) to Detroit (DTW). Direct flights are quite expensive. I noticed, in expanding a search to surrounding airports, that I can book from Allentown (ABE) to Detroit for far less, and the connection is through Philadelphia.  Can I book this flight but board in Philadelphia? I'll be traveling with carry-on luggage only, so on the return, it's obviously no problem. But would I be allowed through security and on to the plane in PHL with out having flown from Allentown?  
25584	Book connecting flight, but only board at second airport?	I'm looking to book flights from) Philadelphia (PHL) to Detroit (DTW). Direct flights are quite expensive. I noticed, in expanding a search to surrounding airports, that I can book from Allentown (ABE) to Detroit for far less, and the connection is through Philadelphia.  Can I book this flight but board in Philadelphia? I'll be traveling with carry-on luggage only, so on the return, it's obviously no problem. But would I be allowed through security and on to the plane in PHL with out having flown from Allentown?  
25592	Transit visa obtainable at Zurich Airport	We are 2 South Africans going on a cruise in Croatia and have an 14 hour layover at Zurich.  I have been advised that we can apply for a transit visa at the airport in Zurich.  Is this easy to obtain? 
25592	Transit visa obtainable at Zurich Airport	We are 2 South Africans going on a cruise in Croatia and have an 14 hour layover at Zurich.  I have been advised that we can apply for a transit visa at the airport in Zurich.  Is this easy to obtain? 
25631	Stopping overnight at London Heathrow - do I need an arrival visa and what kind?	In May I'm stopping at Heathrow Airport for 24 hours, on the way to New York from New Delhi. I'm an Indian passport holder and I have a 10 year US visitor visa.  Can I leave the airport and which visa would I need for that? 
25638	Can I get off a Eurostar train at an earlier stop?	For an upcoming Eurostar journey I'm considering taking, I've noticed a very odd pricing situation. For some reason, the cost of a ticket on the 19:34 Lille &amp; Brussels service is cheaper if I book to Brussels rather than Lille, even though Brussels is further away!  In this case, I know that the Eurostar will stop in Lille (not all do, so you have to check). However, I'm not sure if I would be allowed to get off early? (In this case, I'm interested in booking a ticket to Brussels but getting off in Lille, but I guess it could apply equally to buying a Brussels or Paris ticket and getting of in Calais, or booking a London ticket and getting off in Ashford or Ebbesfleet)  What are the rules on getting off a Eurostar and ending your journey at a station earlier than the one you were booked to go to? (This is somewhat the inverse of this question on boarding a Eurostar late) 
25659	Other than Eurostar, are there any sub-4-hour options to get between London and Lille (without a car)?	If booked in far enough in advance (where "enough" varies depending on the popularity of the train), it's possible to get a return between London and Lille on the Eurostar for £69 or €88 (depending on which site you book from). For a popular train at the last minute, a one-way non-flexible standard class ticket can cost you £140!  For those looking for the cheapest alternative, we've got the existing question Is there some other train than Eurostar to go from Lille to London? However, most of those suggestions take rather a lot longer than the Eurostar, and probably too long for me.  Are there any other options which deliver a sub-4-hour journey that could be considered for times when the Eurostar is very expensive or sold out, for those without a car? Perhaps some combination involving a plane from a nearby airport, and train or bus to/from there? Or maybe some sort of train+bus combination, or perhaps some sort of train+Eurostar combination to dip from a different fares pool? 
25647	Using Wifi in Japan	I'm traveling to Japan in June and just wanted to ask whether I should bring my iPhone/iPad to access wifi. I remember from several years ago that it was quite hard to use unless I went to a Starbucks. Is this still the case? Can I purchase a 2 week wifi plan for my iPhone? 
25663	Tips for driving on a different side of the road?	I am from India where we drive on the left side of the road and although I have reasonable experience driving in India I find it quite scary to drive in the United States as they drive on the right.  Also, driving in India is quite different from driving in the US due to different rules and regulations and restrictions on lane changing etc.  I know many travelers do not seem to have this issue and find it quite comfortable to drive on either side. Are there any tips for driving on the other side of the road? 
25667	Is there any region, island, mountain, or village in Japan known for hot spicy local cuisine?	Within the next few days I'm going to start a trip from the very south of Kyushu to the very North of Hokkaido.  I'm a bit of a foodie and I'm a huge fan of hot spicy food of all kinds, be it black pepper, chili, horseradish, mustard, Sichuan pepper, wasabi, or anything that might be described as "hot" or "spicy".  Japan is not famed for hot or spicy food, with the exception of wasabi. But I'm interested to find out if there are in fact some local dishes of this type which are not famous. Perhaps only known to Japanese or to food enthusiasts.  Besides wasabi I have also come across shichimi togarashi, koregusu, and taka no tsume. I think these are all just ingredients or condiments but I only found the last one by chance when browsing my dictionary a few minutes ago and I'm not familiar with it.  So I want to know whether there is some "spicy food destination" anywhere in Japan that I can plan my route around. 
25701	has anybody re-entered the USA on the VWP, and how long was the time in between entries?	I know to re-enter the USA you are required to leave the continent and neighbouring islands. I plan to go to the USA at the end of May, stay for up to 90 days, but I would like to visit again and want to know how much time anybody has spent between visits.   Is one month enough? I will enter first with my girlfriend who is from the US, I am a British citizen, then we will leave to somewhere outside the continent, then we would like to go again for another period of time before finally leaving again to go elsewhere.  From what I can find out it appears it's totally up to the border official. I have funds to support myself for the entire duration of both stays, I will not be working, I will have onward travel plans each time, i.e. a flight out after the first visit and after the second.  Unfortunately I'm not in the UK now and won't be before I go to the US otherwise I would apply for a 6 month visa, and from what I understand, applying for a 6 month visa outside your home country reduces the chances of it being granted anyway. So basically what are the chances of me being allowed to enter again after just 3 or 4 weeks outside the US? Or is it just a chance I'll have to take? And anyway who would be responsible for me leaving the states if I was refused entry? I'd have to get a flight myself or the US immigration would put me on a plane somewhere? Ha, I know it's a lot but any help, or if anybody has experience of multiple entries, any advice would be greatly appreciated!! Thanks!  Ok, clearly similar questions have been asked before, I explained the information I have already gathered from such questions and posts. It is all theoretical. What I want to known is people's actual experiences. How long HAVE people actually left for, WHERE did they go, and how were the border officials attitudes and questions asked upon re-entering?  I explained what I have already found out which you kindly marked my question as a duplicate and linked a similar question to it. But what I am after is people's personal accounts of doing this, not just how it works in theory, it is not difficult to find this information, it is however difficult out to find personal accounts!  Thanks again! 
25741	Are traveler's cheque widely accepted in Iran?	Due to the current US embargo in Iran, credit/debt cards using Visa/Mastercard circuit don't work there. One option in order not to bring large amount of cash in Iran would be to buy traveler's cheque but a search on the net revealed somewhat conflicting statements. For example, Wikivojage states that      Travellers' cheques All banks in provincial capitals are able to cash   them, the paperwork is no longer needed to cash them.   while the Lonely Planet site has quite a different view on the subject:     For all intents and purposes, Iran is a purely cash economy. No credit   cards. No travellers cheques. Just bring cold, hard cash – preferably   in high-denomination euros or US dollars.   So, what's the truth? Are traveler's cheque accepted or not? Is it viable to rely upon them?  I'm aware of the fact there are other options too. 
25701	has anybody re-entered the USA on the VWP, and how long was the time in between entries?	I know to re-enter the USA you are required to leave the continent and neighbouring islands. I plan to go to the USA at the end of May, stay for up to 90 days, but I would like to visit again and want to know how much time anybody has spent between visits.   Is one month enough? I will enter first with my girlfriend who is from the US, I am a British citizen, then we will leave to somewhere outside the continent, then we would like to go again for another period of time before finally leaving again to go elsewhere.  From what I can find out it appears it's totally up to the border official. I have funds to support myself for the entire duration of both stays, I will not be working, I will have onward travel plans each time, i.e. a flight out after the first visit and after the second.  Unfortunately I'm not in the UK now and won't be before I go to the US otherwise I would apply for a 6 month visa, and from what I understand, applying for a 6 month visa outside your home country reduces the chances of it being granted anyway. So basically what are the chances of me being allowed to enter again after just 3 or 4 weeks outside the US? Or is it just a chance I'll have to take? And anyway who would be responsible for me leaving the states if I was refused entry? I'd have to get a flight myself or the US immigration would put me on a plane somewhere? Ha, I know it's a lot but any help, or if anybody has experience of multiple entries, any advice would be greatly appreciated!! Thanks!  Ok, clearly similar questions have been asked before, I explained the information I have already gathered from such questions and posts. It is all theoretical. What I want to known is people's actual experiences. How long HAVE people actually left for, WHERE did they go, and how were the border officials attitudes and questions asked upon re-entering?  I explained what I have already found out which you kindly marked my question as a duplicate and linked a similar question to it. But what I am after is people's personal accounts of doing this, not just how it works in theory, it is not difficult to find this information, it is however difficult out to find personal accounts!  Thanks again! 
25752	Multi currency bank account for my travel	I'm a Hungarian citizen, and currently living in Hungary.  I'm planning a long holiday trip in Europe, visiting a few countries like Switzerland, UK, and Belgium.  My bank account in Hungary has HUF currency, and I think it would be very inefficient to use this account with my visa card to cover my expenses while I'm on trip. In my understanding, that would involve currency conversion on every ATM usage at a very high rate.  I would like to avoid this, so what I'm thinking about is to open a bank account abroad, and use Transferwise to transfer my HUF to that account.  Do you think this makes sense? Are there any more effective way to save money?  Can you recommend a good bank to open an account for this? It should be able to handle multiple currencies, and i would like to open it online without making a trip just for this. I have no country of preference. 
25753	Right to accomodation in case of delayed flight, missing connecting flight	A non-EU-citizen booked on a flight from outside the EU with a connection in Istanbul continuing into Europe experiences a flight delay of several hours due to bad weather on the first flight, and therefore misses the connecting flight in Istanbul. The connecting flight is re-booked to a flight one day later (eight hours later). Both flights were booked with and are operated by the same airline. According to http://marker.to/io9PYL and http://marker.to/jUNFOu there should be accommodation, food and compensation, unless the delay is due to bad weather, in which case they are still supposed to provide assistance.  What are the passenger's rights regarding accommodation, food, and compensation then? 
25753	Right to accomodation in case of delayed flight, missing connecting flight	A non-EU-citizen booked on a flight from outside the EU with a connection in Istanbul continuing into Europe experiences a flight delay of several hours due to bad weather on the first flight, and therefore misses the connecting flight in Istanbul. The connecting flight is re-booked to a flight one day later (eight hours later). Both flights were booked with and are operated by the same airline. According to http://marker.to/io9PYL and http://marker.to/jUNFOu there should be accommodation, food and compensation, unless the delay is due to bad weather, in which case they are still supposed to provide assistance.  What are the passenger's rights regarding accommodation, food, and compensation then? 
25762	Change of boarding point on Indian Railways train	I booked a train ticket on the Yeswantpur (Yeshvantapur, YPR) to Pondicherry (Puducherry, ODY) route. I gave my boarding point as Hosur. My reservation is from Yeswantpur. Am I entitled to board at Banaswadi (BAND) or Krishnarajapuram (KR Puram, KJR)? 
25763	Will Flightfox benefit me if I'm only looking for 'ethical' flights?	I'm hoping I can pose this question in such a way that it will be objective enough to be answerable.  When I'm preparing for a trip, I generally start watching air fare prices well in advance, and check multiple search engines.  I also try to construct my own creative itineraries, using one-way flights, hidden-city-ticketing, two sets of one-way flights which link up in a common city, etc.  The one trick I've never tried (and probably won't) is fuel dumping (as mentioned in another post of mine.  Some online blog posts suggest that Flight Fox will basically do the same thing I do.  I don't want to pay $49 to be told I already found the cheapest price.  The one time I did use Flight Fox, I was given a cheaper price than I could find on my own, but it was the result of fuel dumping, and I'm not excited about paying someone to help me do fuel-dumping, as I'm undecided about the ethics of this practice.  Assuming I'm only interested in taking ethical flights, and I do my own leg work before hand, will Flight Fox likely benefit me? 
25784	Having global pass travelling from Nice to Monaco for grand prix	We are arriving in Nice late on 24 May 2014 by train. We want to go to the grand prix in Monaco using our global pass for the trains. Do we have to buy our train tickets to go to the Monaco grand prix that night when we arrive in Nice to avoid long queues in the morning? Which station in Nice should we get onto the train and where should we get off in Monaco? We have tickets for the grand prix at the Roche stand at the grand prix. How far is the Monaco station to where the Roche stand is where we will be watching the grand prix from? 
25793	"Free Camping" in India	I've seen many questions inquiring about the safety / legality of so-called "free camping" in Japan, Iceland, and the USA among others, but none regarding India.   I realize that safety will vary greatly depending on where you are, but what about legality? Does India have some notion of a "freedom to roam" similar to that of the Nordic countries? 
25793	"Free Camping" in India	I've seen many questions inquiring about the safety / legality of so-called "free camping" in Japan, Iceland, and the USA among others, but none regarding India.   I realize that safety will vary greatly depending on where you are, but what about legality? Does India have some notion of a "freedom to roam" similar to that of the Nordic countries? 
25793	"Free Camping" in India	I've seen many questions inquiring about the safety / legality of so-called "free camping" in Japan, Iceland, and the USA among others, but none regarding India.   I realize that safety will vary greatly depending on where you are, but what about legality? Does India have some notion of a "freedom to roam" similar to that of the Nordic countries? 
25794	Buying a vacation home in the Eurozone	I've lived in Italy a few times (student visa, then just a normal vacation visa for a few months) and I've traveled quite a bit. I also work in tech in the bay area, and buying a home here seems outside my price range, despite earning a fair amount. I've decided that I'll continue to live in my nice, cheap, rent-controlled apartment in Oakland for a while, and use my extra income to buy a home abroad (either as a vacation/rental home, or eventually to move).   What sort of laws apply to foreigners buying houses in the Eurozone? I'd specifically be looking in either Ireland or Italy (I looked in to getting Italian citizenship, and I'd be eligible were it not for Venice's special status in Italy).   I assume there would be property taxes, and that if I rented it out I'd need to go through proper channels and probably have to pay additional taxes. But, if I decided to move, would I be limited to staying only 3 months out of the year (the US-Euro travel visa limit)? Are there any other restrictions I should know about? 
25810	What are the legal implications of exporting a tarantula from Brazil to Mexico?	I'm not sure if this fits on this site or not, since it boils down to a question about animal import/export.  As mentioned here, a Mexican friend has requested a rather odd souvenir from Brazil: A tarantula.  What are the legal implications for export from Brazil, and import into Mexico if I were to try to fulfill her request?  Is this even legal? 
25809	How to fly with a spider	I'll be visiting Brazil soon, and a friend of mine in Mexico City is a bit of an arachnophile, and has asked me to return with a Brazilian Whiteknee Tarantula for her.  I realize there are likely legal obstacles to doing this, but lets assume that I have that all worked out. (Legal question here.)  Practically, how can one fly with a tarantula, without injuring the animal, and without scaring the !@#$% out of airline staff?  If it matters, it would be roughly a 15-hour transit, with a 1.5-hour flight followed by a 10-hour flight. 
25812	Air travel: Violating checked luggage size by "just a bit"	Following up the discussion on size limitations for checked luggage on airplanes, I would like to ask your experience on the following:  What happens if your suitcase meets the weight limitation of the airline, but exceeds their size limitation of "Length+Width+Height = 158cm"?  Example: This suitcase by a known brand with a length sum of 175cm. 
25829	Leaving the States on Visa Waiver and coming back	I'm travelling on the ESTA visa waiver, I'm now in the States but would like to go to Costa Rica for a bit (say 3 weeks) then come back to the States. All will be within my 90 day limit. Is that allowed? I can't seem to find an answer anywhere! (by the way I have my onward ticket home) Thank you! 
25828	Can I enter France via Switzerland (and then get a cab to France) on the Schengen visa?	I got a Schengen visa from the French Embassy, and I'm traveling to Annecy (France) for training. Is it possible to land 1st in Geneva (the nearest international airport) and then take a cab to enter France? My training venue is nearest to Geneva. I am from non-EU countries. 
25845	Is Morocco currently safe to visit despite the Ebola outbreak?	I'm travelling to Morocco over the Easter period, and while I am aware that the current Ebola outbreak is mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Mali, and would have to cross the Sahara to get to Morocco, is it wise for me to go to Morocco at this time?  What are some basic precautions I can take in the case that the Ebola virus travels to Morocco? 
25900	Layover at London Heathrow	I am flying from Chicago(USA) to New Delhi(INDIA) via London Heathrow Airport(LHR). Actually the route is the following -   Chicago -- London Heathrow -- Munich -- New Delhi.  The layover at LHR and at Munich are of 2 hours each. I am worried if I need to get a transit visa for the flight to Munich. I have browsed through other questions related to this, but I just need an assuring confirmation that I won't need a transit visa.  Edit- I hold an Indian passport and study at the USA with F1 visa. 
22844	If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?	When traveling for leisure most people have flexibility in which dates they can choose off before hand and have a priority to travel in the most cost effective means possible. Either to enable them to take a trip which they would not otherwise have been able to take, prolong their trip, or get a higher class of accommodations for the duration of their trip.  When thinking about a trip the majority of people tend to think about things in the order in which they will happen. This typically looks something like:   Where do I want to go? (i.e. what attractions/advantages does this location present) How will I get there? Where will I stay once I'm there? What will I do while I'm there? How will I get around in my local city.   A typical approach might be to go to a industry travel website such as Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, et. al. and search for air fares to various places deciding and trying varying dates along the way or using the flex date option provided. This will of course give you an idea of the airfare however this is only a chunk of the total cost, albeit a sizable one.  While airfares tend to be far more volatile than say hotel or car rental prices making a decision on dates based on airfare alone could cost you to miss out on other price savings you could have gotten if you had not picked dates based purely on airfare alone. How should you go about determining which dates you should take off?  Are there any applications that exist that make it easy to help tabulate all this data and make a decision based on the entire picture? 
22844	If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?	When traveling for leisure most people have flexibility in which dates they can choose off before hand and have a priority to travel in the most cost effective means possible. Either to enable them to take a trip which they would not otherwise have been able to take, prolong their trip, or get a higher class of accommodations for the duration of their trip.  When thinking about a trip the majority of people tend to think about things in the order in which they will happen. This typically looks something like:   Where do I want to go? (i.e. what attractions/advantages does this location present) How will I get there? Where will I stay once I'm there? What will I do while I'm there? How will I get around in my local city.   A typical approach might be to go to a industry travel website such as Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, et. al. and search for air fares to various places deciding and trying varying dates along the way or using the flex date option provided. This will of course give you an idea of the airfare however this is only a chunk of the total cost, albeit a sizable one.  While airfares tend to be far more volatile than say hotel or car rental prices making a decision on dates based on airfare alone could cost you to miss out on other price savings you could have gotten if you had not picked dates based purely on airfare alone. How should you go about determining which dates you should take off?  Are there any applications that exist that make it easy to help tabulate all this data and make a decision based on the entire picture? 
22844	If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?	When traveling for leisure most people have flexibility in which dates they can choose off before hand and have a priority to travel in the most cost effective means possible. Either to enable them to take a trip which they would not otherwise have been able to take, prolong their trip, or get a higher class of accommodations for the duration of their trip.  When thinking about a trip the majority of people tend to think about things in the order in which they will happen. This typically looks something like:   Where do I want to go? (i.e. what attractions/advantages does this location present) How will I get there? Where will I stay once I'm there? What will I do while I'm there? How will I get around in my local city.   A typical approach might be to go to a industry travel website such as Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, et. al. and search for air fares to various places deciding and trying varying dates along the way or using the flex date option provided. This will of course give you an idea of the airfare however this is only a chunk of the total cost, albeit a sizable one.  While airfares tend to be far more volatile than say hotel or car rental prices making a decision on dates based on airfare alone could cost you to miss out on other price savings you could have gotten if you had not picked dates based purely on airfare alone. How should you go about determining which dates you should take off?  Are there any applications that exist that make it easy to help tabulate all this data and make a decision based on the entire picture? 
25900	Layover at London Heathrow	I am flying from Chicago(USA) to New Delhi(INDIA) via London Heathrow Airport(LHR). Actually the route is the following -   Chicago -- London Heathrow -- Munich -- New Delhi.  The layover at LHR and at Munich are of 2 hours each. I am worried if I need to get a transit visa for the flight to Munich. I have browsed through other questions related to this, but I just need an assuring confirmation that I won't need a transit visa.  Edit- I hold an Indian passport and study at the USA with F1 visa. 
22844	If your travel dates are flexible how should you pick your dates to get the greatest savings?	When traveling for leisure most people have flexibility in which dates they can choose off before hand and have a priority to travel in the most cost effective means possible. Either to enable them to take a trip which they would not otherwise have been able to take, prolong their trip, or get a higher class of accommodations for the duration of their trip.  When thinking about a trip the majority of people tend to think about things in the order in which they will happen. This typically looks something like:   Where do I want to go? (i.e. what attractions/advantages does this location present) How will I get there? Where will I stay once I'm there? What will I do while I'm there? How will I get around in my local city.   A typical approach might be to go to a industry travel website such as Kayak, Hipmunk, Expedia, et. al. and search for air fares to various places deciding and trying varying dates along the way or using the flex date option provided. This will of course give you an idea of the airfare however this is only a chunk of the total cost, albeit a sizable one.  While airfares tend to be far more volatile than say hotel or car rental prices making a decision on dates based on airfare alone could cost you to miss out on other price savings you could have gotten if you had not picked dates based purely on airfare alone. How should you go about determining which dates you should take off?  Are there any applications that exist that make it easy to help tabulate all this data and make a decision based on the entire picture? 
25854	Is there a website to find someone to travel with?	I've heard of Travel Buddies and a few other websites like it, but I'm skeptical. Has anyone used a site and actually traveled with someone?? 
25900	Layover at London Heathrow	I am flying from Chicago(USA) to New Delhi(INDIA) via London Heathrow Airport(LHR). Actually the route is the following -   Chicago -- London Heathrow -- Munich -- New Delhi.  The layover at LHR and at Munich are of 2 hours each. I am worried if I need to get a transit visa for the flight to Munich. I have browsed through other questions related to this, but I just need an assuring confirmation that I won't need a transit visa.  Edit- I hold an Indian passport and study at the USA with F1 visa. 
25927	How to find past airline fares	How can I find a past roundtrip airfare from Detroit to Nashville, leaving Detroit on 4/5/14 and returning on 4/8/14? 
25904	Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?	Say I wanna go Malaga to Rio and the search engine offers me several options with layover at Paris CDG ranging from one to five hours.  Is there any way to tweak the results to have at least 14 hours of layover or even have the connecting flight depart the next day, so one can see Paris?  More specific: How can I combine flights to and from the hub myself, but have the advantages of the through-ticket (e.g. being safe, if one of the flights is cancelled or extremely delayed)?  (cities named are just token examples and don't need to be met specifically) 
25904	Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?	Say I wanna go Malaga to Rio and the search engine offers me several options with layover at Paris CDG ranging from one to five hours.  Is there any way to tweak the results to have at least 14 hours of layover or even have the connecting flight depart the next day, so one can see Paris?  More specific: How can I combine flights to and from the hub myself, but have the advantages of the through-ticket (e.g. being safe, if one of the flights is cancelled or extremely delayed)?  (cities named are just token examples and don't need to be met specifically) 
25904	Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?	Say I wanna go Malaga to Rio and the search engine offers me several options with layover at Paris CDG ranging from one to five hours.  Is there any way to tweak the results to have at least 14 hours of layover or even have the connecting flight depart the next day, so one can see Paris?  More specific: How can I combine flights to and from the hub myself, but have the advantages of the through-ticket (e.g. being safe, if one of the flights is cancelled or extremely delayed)?  (cities named are just token examples and don't need to be met specifically) 
25904	Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?	Say I wanna go Malaga to Rio and the search engine offers me several options with layover at Paris CDG ranging from one to five hours.  Is there any way to tweak the results to have at least 14 hours of layover or even have the connecting flight depart the next day, so one can see Paris?  More specific: How can I combine flights to and from the hub myself, but have the advantages of the through-ticket (e.g. being safe, if one of the flights is cancelled or extremely delayed)?  (cities named are just token examples and don't need to be met specifically) 
25955	Can Indian nationals not visit the UK for a short course (not by a university)?	I applied to a short-term course (5 weeks) that is arranged by a private organization. My application was declined by the organizers because they said that Indian nationals will not be granted visas to the UK for short courses unless it is affiliated with a university (and this was not).   Is this true, and if so, are there alternative ways to get a visa to the UK to attend the course? I am well qualified, have a current job, good finances and can support myself for the duration (accommodation is being arranged by the organization in any case). 
25975	Schengen visa "refresh"	On August 17th I need to visit a conference in Germany. The problem is that I already have a Schengen visa valid until 9th of August.  I might not be able to get a new one before my flight to Germany, because, as far as I know, embassies take at least a week to give visas (also, airlines require visa information several days before, so the "window" is less than a week). The one I have now was given by the consulate of Spain.  I am a citizen of Russian Federation and I live in Moscow.  Is it possible to apply for a new visa before the one I have expires?   I've tried googling, but the data I found was full of contradictions. 
26036	Best way to bring Desktop CPU from to India?	I want to bring my CPU which I used in Canada for over 2 years to India with me. What is the best way to do that? Should I check into baggage or carry on or ship it via courier service? 
26032	Going between Canada and America with the visa waiver program	We are on our Honeymoon for 6 months.  We spent two months in South America and then came to the states.  Our 90 days is nearly up and after it is;  we are planning on spending the last three weeks of our honeymoon in Vancouver Canada.  The problem is that our flights home go back through America.  So we have spent 90 days in the states under the Visa Waiver Program. Then three weeks in Canada; and we will have to come back through America to get home. Our problem is that America seems to count going to Canada as part of the 90 days:  From the CBP website:  When traveling to the U.S. with the approved ESTA, you may only stay for up to 90 days at a time - and there should be a reasonable amount of time between visits so that the CBP Officer does not think you are trying to live here. There is no set requirement for how long you must wait between visits.  We only want to come back to the States for 1 day in transit to get our flight home but are worried that the border patrol won't let us back in because we have only been to Canada and not back to our country of residence.   Do you think this is a possibility?  Will they let us back in if it is just to fly home?  We have tried to change our flights to avoid coming back through the States but have been unable to do so. 
26032	Going between Canada and America with the visa waiver program	We are on our Honeymoon for 6 months.  We spent two months in South America and then came to the states.  Our 90 days is nearly up and after it is;  we are planning on spending the last three weeks of our honeymoon in Vancouver Canada.  The problem is that our flights home go back through America.  So we have spent 90 days in the states under the Visa Waiver Program. Then three weeks in Canada; and we will have to come back through America to get home. Our problem is that America seems to count going to Canada as part of the 90 days:  From the CBP website:  When traveling to the U.S. with the approved ESTA, you may only stay for up to 90 days at a time - and there should be a reasonable amount of time between visits so that the CBP Officer does not think you are trying to live here. There is no set requirement for how long you must wait between visits.  We only want to come back to the States for 1 day in transit to get our flight home but are worried that the border patrol won't let us back in because we have only been to Canada and not back to our country of residence.   Do you think this is a possibility?  Will they let us back in if it is just to fly home?  We have tried to change our flights to avoid coming back through the States but have been unable to do so. 
14895	Where can I get insurance for travel in late pregnancy?	My wife and I need to travel to the United States, but she will be 30 weeks pregnant by the time the trip ends.  In addition to it being a very good idea in general, the US effectively requires travel insurance if you're pregnant, but most travel insurance policies only offer cover until 26 weeks.  Where can we get a policy that covers her? 
26075	Tickets for two flights around same time	I live in Chicago, IL, USA, and my wife and I are looking to book a Sandals trip with included roundtrip airfare and on our way back would like to spend a few days in Orlando, FL. On our flight back from Sandals we have a transfer in Miami, FL. Instead of taking the flight from Miami to Chicago back we'd like to take a flight from Miami to Orlando to spend a few days there. It is cheaper or around the same price to purchase the Sandals trip with roundtrip tickets originating in Chicago than Orlando or Miami. If we purchase the Sandals package with roundtrip airfare from Chicago and then skip our last leg back to take a flight elsewhere is there any issue? With multiple tickets it would appear that we would be taking a flight back to Chicago when we are on a plane to Orlando. We would each have tickets that have us traveling to two cities around the same time. Is there any issue with this? Will the airline prevent us from doing this? 
26118	How should I wash clothes in Iceland?	I'm going backpacking for a month in Iceland and I plan to pack lightly (clothes for a week).    Laundromat are very popular in some countries but almost unheard of in others and, apparently, Iceland is such a place:      LAUNDRY: Self-service laundromats are not common in Iceland, but most   hotels (typically 3-star or higher) throughout the country offer some   laundry or dry-cleaning services for a moderate fee.     In Reykjavik there's a fancy Laundromat cafe but that's pretty much all. Some people on the net reported laundry facilities at some crazy expensive fares:      We saw one guesthouse that offered to do laundry - 2300ISk per load to   wash and 2300ISK per load to dry. One load washed and dried would have   cost well more than a night's accommodation there.    While I'm aware of the fact Iceland is somewhat expensive I'd rather avoid paying that much for laundry (let's say more than 800 ISK / 5+ Euros is that much).  I do not have a strict plan but suppose I'll need to wash my clothes far from Reykjavik, let's say somewhere around Ísafjörður or Akureyri or Höfn and my hostel doesn't provide any laundry facility (or it's super expensive, read above), how do I wash my clothes? Is washing clothes in a hot spring really viable (as in legal AND environment-aware)? 
4440	Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight?	Say I want to book a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Chicago.  Say the airline also flies to St. Louis from Fort Launderdale but has a connecting flight through Chicago.  If I book that flights from FLL-ORD-STL and just get off in Chicago, what possible problems can I run into, assuming I didn't check any bags and only have carry on?  This scenario exist for Southwest, but I wanted this be more of a general question that would apply to all airlines. 
26131	Laptop and Tablet	I am planning to travel from Canada to Nepal via India (dehli airport)? I am thinking to bring my one laptop and one tablet (surface RT). Now i would like to know if there is any custom tax or else. ? 
26151	Swiss customs: necessary when travelling from France to USA via GVA?	I'm a USian planning a summer trip to France.  I've already bought my tickets to arrive in Nice and leave from Geneva.  I will be travelling thru France mostly via car which I plan on returning to the French side of GVA.  My last stop in France is Burgundy, and naturally, my partner and I are planning on buying and bringing home a good amount of wine (perhaps 12 or 15 bottles each).  However, from what I've read about Swiss customs, travelers passing thru must still declare alcoholic beverages, and thus pay import duties and possibly VAT.  Is this so even if I am only visiting Switzerland insofar as the Geneva airport, which lies on the border?  Does one need to go through Swiss customs at all at this point?  This confuses me, as I thought Switzerland was part of Schengen, but perhaps that doesn't apply here.  A related question would be: do I need to go through this if I wanted to spend a few nights in Geneva first?  I assume I would, and thus am thinking I will just drive to the airport straightaway and visit Switzerland another time.  I apologize if this is specific but I have tried to research this on my own and have found no definitive answer.  I don't believe I'm the only one who has encountered this as Geneva is the closest major airport to Burgundy.  Any help would be very much appreciated. 
26156	Trip booked through Vayama: Can I travel without the credit card used to book it?	My company has paid for flights for my family to travel home this summer. They purchased them online through Vayama (fingers crossed). In the e-tickets I received it says specifically that I do not need to show the credit card at check in.  Having read a bunch of complaints about this company, is the information the've given me correct? I'd like to be 100% certain as I gather their customer service is somewhat lacking in service. If it's true and I'm in the clear, is the reason because it's a travel agent and not an airline? 
26169	Tickets for occasional public transport use in Lille?	I'm trying to work out what the best ticketing option will be for occasional uses of public transport in Lille. Say, 3-4 trips a week for several weeks, mostly within the centre of the city, mixture of buses and metro.  I know that in some cities (eg London or Brisbane) you can get a card which you load with money, then use on a pay-as-you-go basis as you travel. I know that other cities (eg Hong Kong) you can get a card you load with money that works for both public transport and small purchases. There are some cities where you can buy either a multi-use ticket or a booklet of single tickets at a discount, which can be used over time. There are some cities which sadly offer no sort of discount for occasional use.  So, for Lille, what's the best / available ticket option, for occasional public transport use? 
26169	Tickets for occasional public transport use in Lille?	I'm trying to work out what the best ticketing option will be for occasional uses of public transport in Lille. Say, 3-4 trips a week for several weeks, mostly within the centre of the city, mixture of buses and metro.  I know that in some cities (eg London or Brisbane) you can get a card which you load with money, then use on a pay-as-you-go basis as you travel. I know that other cities (eg Hong Kong) you can get a card you load with money that works for both public transport and small purchases. There are some cities where you can buy either a multi-use ticket or a booklet of single tickets at a discount, which can be used over time. There are some cities which sadly offer no sort of discount for occasional use.  So, for Lille, what's the best / available ticket option, for occasional public transport use? 
26167	Can an airline operate a flight on the same route with the same flight number twice in one day?	Can an airline operate with two flights in one day to the same destination with the same flight number for example  DUBAI to MUSCAT ETD 0400Z SSV 221   and  DUBAI MUSCAT ETD 1300Z SSV 221 
26166	Applying for a Schengen while having another used Schengen visa	Last year, the Dutch embassy had issued a Schengen visa for me which is valid till the 23rd of July 2014. I wish to visit Spain from the 15th to the 30th of July. VFS, who work with the Spanish embassy, suggested I get the visa cancelled from the Dutch Embassy. But, the Dutch embassy got back to me saying that they cannot cancel a used visa and that I should apply for a visa with the Spanish embassy asking them to have the visa valid from the 24th of July 2014. Can somebody please help on what would be the best course of action in this case? 
26166	Applying for a Schengen while having another used Schengen visa	Last year, the Dutch embassy had issued a Schengen visa for me which is valid till the 23rd of July 2014. I wish to visit Spain from the 15th to the 30th of July. VFS, who work with the Spanish embassy, suggested I get the visa cancelled from the Dutch Embassy. But, the Dutch embassy got back to me saying that they cannot cancel a used visa and that I should apply for a visa with the Spanish embassy asking them to have the visa valid from the 24th of July 2014. Can somebody please help on what would be the best course of action in this case? 
26192	Travelling from Delhi to Dubai to Istanbul (Turkey), staying at Dubai airport only for 7 hours: Do I need a visa for transit at airport?	 I am travelling from Delhi to Dubai via Air India on 22.05.2014 and will land in Dubai at 22:45 pm. next flight from Dubai to Istanbul (turkey) via Turkish Airlines on 23.05.2014 at 5:40 am (after 7 hours). I have booked both flight on my own, separately, hence technically they are not connecting flights. I will not be leaving airport. I do not have a visa for Dubai but I do have a visa for Turkey.   Could you please confirm the following:   Will I get "ok to board" confirmation on Delhi airport (India) for travelling to Dubai (UAE) without a Dubai visa? Do I need a visa to stay at Dubai airport? I will have luggage, how do I collect my luggage at Dubai airport for onward journey to Turkey without going through passport control?  
26196	What does a Tajik GBAO permit look like?	To travel on the Pamir Highway in Tajikistan one needs a special GBAO permit, I got my Tajik visa today and it came with an extra stamp:    Is this the GBAO permit? 
26210	How are safety standards enforced in an airline which is not IOSA certified?	I'm considering booking a flight with WOW Airlines and since it's the first time I hear about it I did some research on google and I find mostly good reviews.    However, while looking for the safety ranking, I found out that WOW Airlines is not IOSA certified.      What is IOSA Certification? The IATA* Operational Safety Audit (IOSA)   certification audit is an internationally recognised and accepted   evaluation system designed to assess the operational management and   control systems of an airline. IOSA uses internationally recognised   audit principles and is designed to conduct audits in a standardised   and consistent manner. Airlines are re evaluated every two years.   Registering for IOSA certification and auditing is not mandatory   therefore an airline that does not have IOSA certification may have   either failed the IOSA audit or alternatively chosen not to   participate. *IATA (International Air Transport Association) - See   more at:   http://www.airlineratings.com/ratings/313/wow-air#sthash.oLSquDNX.dpuf   While I understand this is not mandatory, does this mean they have low safety standards or said standards are enforced in other ways? 
26218	Reentering Us with Visa Waiver after 2 months in Canada?	I know there are similar questions posted, but I need to ask because every question is different. The difference is, I think, the amount of time one can spend in Canada before going back to US. The US says it has to be a "relative amount of time" but no one knows how long. Maybe 2 months is a good time? According to experiences? Or the difference of entering by land with my own car?   We have been travelling with my husband on our camper van from Argentina all the way to Canda, I stayed in the US a 2months and a half and tried to renew the Visa Waiver by flying to Canada for the weekend to visit family (which of course I didn't know wasn't possible.) Immigration on the way back to the US wouldn't renew my 90 day stay, (they said unless I went back to my country of residence) so when I got to NYC we packed and left with our car before my time expired. So I left OK.  Now we have been in Canada for a month, and I intend to stay for one more month, but would like to get our car shipped home to Argentina from the US. By the time we leave, I will have stayed in Canada for 2 or 2 months and a half.   Do you think they will let me in the US to get to Baltimore to ship the car? We would have our plane tickets back of course and proof of the car shipment, but it seems like sometimes they don't care what you have, like they already have made their decision at the border. Should I stay longer?  Or, Plan B, would I be able to fly to Argentina with a stop in the US? (Because we fly with American Airlines.) 
26218	Reentering Us with Visa Waiver after 2 months in Canada?	I know there are similar questions posted, but I need to ask because every question is different. The difference is, I think, the amount of time one can spend in Canada before going back to US. The US says it has to be a "relative amount of time" but no one knows how long. Maybe 2 months is a good time? According to experiences? Or the difference of entering by land with my own car?   We have been travelling with my husband on our camper van from Argentina all the way to Canda, I stayed in the US a 2months and a half and tried to renew the Visa Waiver by flying to Canada for the weekend to visit family (which of course I didn't know wasn't possible.) Immigration on the way back to the US wouldn't renew my 90 day stay, (they said unless I went back to my country of residence) so when I got to NYC we packed and left with our car before my time expired. So I left OK.  Now we have been in Canada for a month, and I intend to stay for one more month, but would like to get our car shipped home to Argentina from the US. By the time we leave, I will have stayed in Canada for 2 or 2 months and a half.   Do you think they will let me in the US to get to Baltimore to ship the car? We would have our plane tickets back of course and proof of the car shipment, but it seems like sometimes they don't care what you have, like they already have made their decision at the border. Should I stay longer?  Or, Plan B, would I be able to fly to Argentina with a stop in the US? (Because we fly with American Airlines.) 
24267	Which currency typically has the smallest spread (buy vs sell) in exchange offices in Serbia?	I am choosing the best way to exchange money for my travel to Serbia (Kopaonik region, going for skiing). As long as bank cards are not widely accepted there, and my bank charges 1% for withdrawal in ATMs of other banks, I'm going to bring most money in cash, and exchange locally to dinars.  Which of the currencies (USD, EUR, Russian roubles) have the smallest spread (buy vs sell ratio) in the exchange offices available in rural areas like Kopaonik? In Belgrade airport?  (we'll be transferring from the airport directly to Kopaonik, so no major cities to consider for our trip) 
26274	Any slow luggage shipping ideas?	I'm interested in shipping luggage from the U.K. to U.S. very slowly.  It's okay if it goes quickly, but slow is fine so long as (a) the chances for damage do not substantially increase, and (b) it's actually cheaper and/or more convenient.  Any thoughts?  In particular, the postal service, etc. appear to be more expensive when shipped at anywhere near the speed of a specialized luggage service, but ground shipping might be another matter.  What should I be looking for in ground shipping?  
26272	Getting a Schengen visa through the French Embassy again even if I didn't travel to France last time	Last year I got a Schengen visa through the French embassy due to being married to a British national. I am South African. In the end we couldn't afford to go to France but went to Portugal instead as we had free accommodation. So I didn't enter France at all. Will this affect me getting a Schengen visa again this year and can I use the French Embassy again as this is the quickest route (no supporting docs needed except marriage cert. and husband's passport)? 
25762	Change of boarding point on Indian Railways train	I booked a train ticket on the Yeswantpur (Yeshvantapur, YPR) to Pondicherry (Puducherry, ODY) route. I gave my boarding point as Hosur. My reservation is from Yeswantpur. Am I entitled to board at Banaswadi (BAND) or Krishnarajapuram (KR Puram, KJR)? 
26274	Any slow luggage shipping ideas?	I'm interested in shipping luggage from the U.K. to U.S. very slowly.  It's okay if it goes quickly, but slow is fine so long as (a) the chances for damage do not substantially increase, and (b) it's actually cheaper and/or more convenient.  Any thoughts?  In particular, the postal service, etc. appear to be more expensive when shipped at anywhere near the speed of a specialized luggage service, but ground shipping might be another matter.  What should I be looking for in ground shipping?  
26316	Where can I buy US prepaid credit card outside US?	I am thinking about going to US, and to reduce the amount of cash I carry, I plan to use prepaid credit card for gas, store purchase purpose.  I have a few questions on this:   Is there anyway I can get US prepaid debit card outside US ( via online)?  Are they being issued by US banks, or VISA/Master companies, or?  Is there anyway online where I can register those cards with a US billing address, so that I can print statements if I want to? Is it possible that I can obtain such a virtual prepaid card ( ie, I receive just 16 digits debit card number and CVV)? And is it usable on real store purchase?  
26350	Can you get sucked tight on a plane's toilet?	The sounds of flushing an airplane's toilet can be quite intimidating. When going to the toilet on a plane, I am always a bit cautious of accidental flushing. If so, do you risk being sucked stuck to the toilet due to the suction? 
26390	EUR  CAD conversion and best options available	I'll travel to Canada, and I'm thinking about the best way to pay there. I'd like to know:   What is the rate of change EUR cash &lt;- CAD cash in Canadian banks (i.e. how much bigger than the standard rate) ? is there a (% ?) commision ? Is there any way to change cash at the real rate, e.g bitcoin etc. ?  
26394	Why are postcards of Cologne in ruins following WW2 bombing sold in the city?	Two years ago I visited Cologne and while I very much enjoyed my stay, one thing did stick out for me as incredibly odd.  Souvenir shops in addition to selling key rings, fridge magnets and standard postcards of the city, would also sell postcards with images of the Cologne cathedral or other parts of the city ruined by bombing in the Second World War.  Can someone please explain this peculiarity? Am I missing some important aspect of German culture here? I've never seen this anywhere else.  I can't imagine sending this to someone abroad, what would I say with it? 'Look at the beautiful destruction the Allied bombers inflicted upon our lovely city'. It struck me as something very right-wing (probably something the NPD would probably do) and just weird to find in a standard tourist shop.  When I asked my German friend about it, he quipped that it was so '... the Germans never forget who the true enemy is!'. But was otherwise just as dumbfound as I was. 
26414	How do family members earn points in Qantas Frequent Flyer?	As far as I understood, the only way to get points from Qantas flights is being a Frequent Flyer member.  If I'm a Qantas Frequent Flyer and my wife is not, and we are going to make a trip together, how can we earn the points for her flight?  Can I add her in my membership?  I can transfer points to family members that are member in program, but she is not and I don't want to make another membership, free or not. 
26413	Chinese visa period of validity	So here's my problem : once you obtain your chinese visa, you seemingly have 3 months of validity to enter the country. I will not be able to do this in my home country (Canada) since I am aiming to spend a few months in Europe before going to China. So my question is two-fold :    Is it true that the double entry visa is valid for 6 months (I've read this, but would enjoy a confirmation from someone with relevant experience) Otherwise, how easy is it to obtain a tourist visa outside of your home country (say London or Berlin)?  
26394	Why are postcards of Cologne in ruins following WW2 bombing sold in the city?	Two years ago I visited Cologne and while I very much enjoyed my stay, one thing did stick out for me as incredibly odd.  Souvenir shops in addition to selling key rings, fridge magnets and standard postcards of the city, would also sell postcards with images of the Cologne cathedral or other parts of the city ruined by bombing in the Second World War.  Can someone please explain this peculiarity? Am I missing some important aspect of German culture here? I've never seen this anywhere else.  I can't imagine sending this to someone abroad, what would I say with it? 'Look at the beautiful destruction the Allied bombers inflicted upon our lovely city'. It struck me as something very right-wing (probably something the NPD would probably do) and just weird to find in a standard tourist shop.  When I asked my German friend about it, he quipped that it was so '... the Germans never forget who the true enemy is!'. But was otherwise just as dumbfound as I was. 
26394	Why are postcards of Cologne in ruins following WW2 bombing sold in the city?	Two years ago I visited Cologne and while I very much enjoyed my stay, one thing did stick out for me as incredibly odd.  Souvenir shops in addition to selling key rings, fridge magnets and standard postcards of the city, would also sell postcards with images of the Cologne cathedral or other parts of the city ruined by bombing in the Second World War.  Can someone please explain this peculiarity? Am I missing some important aspect of German culture here? I've never seen this anywhere else.  I can't imagine sending this to someone abroad, what would I say with it? 'Look at the beautiful destruction the Allied bombers inflicted upon our lovely city'. It struck me as something very right-wing (probably something the NPD would probably do) and just weird to find in a standard tourist shop.  When I asked my German friend about it, he quipped that it was so '... the Germans never forget who the true enemy is!'. But was otherwise just as dumbfound as I was. 
26420	UAE Tourist Visa Information	I have arranged a tourist visa of U.A.E. with 60 days validity and I can stay there up to 39 days as stated by the visa agent. I should leave at the 40th day.  Is it true if yes then how can i confirm it before travelling? 
26459	Applying for a Schengen visa in another country than my main destination	I'm travelling to Belgium for 3 days in the summer, but my first point of entry would be Germany and the closest embassy I have is the German embassy.  Will the German embassy issue a Schengen visa? Because I wouldn't actually be staying in Germany. 
26476	Is checking a cardboard box with an airline still accepted? Trans Atlantic?	I am overweight, and need to pack a cardboard box to check in as luggage for a trans-Atlantic flight.  For several years I had no problem - is it still permitted? 
7029	SIM card using an external 3G modem while traveling in Israel	Will I be able to buy a SIM card in Israel for use with my modem when I'll be traveling there? Where to buy it and how much will it cost? 
26485	What's the quickest Schengen consulate to issue a visa in London?	What's the quickest Schengen consulate to issue a Visa in London? Basically I want to travel as fast as possible to France, and since any Schengen visa will work, I want to go to the consulate with the shortest processing time. 
26500	First time Schengen Visa application for france	I need some help in terms of info for applying for a Schengen Visa. I am in Cape Town and I want to visit my friend in Paris, but I've heard it's so complicated to get a Attestation d'Accueil. She has tried before and she doesn't have the right documents etc so would it be better applying at a different consulate (even thought I'm planning to stay most of the time in Paris). I've heard the Spanish consulate in Cape Town is better than the French one?  I'm so confused about this whole process. Has anyone managed to get a visa just with a regular letter of invitation?  And they ask for a detailed itinerary. I don't have one, I plan to just take it one day at a time. Is it just your plane tickets they want to see? 
26500	First time Schengen Visa application for france	I need some help in terms of info for applying for a Schengen Visa. I am in Cape Town and I want to visit my friend in Paris, but I've heard it's so complicated to get a Attestation d'Accueil. She has tried before and she doesn't have the right documents etc so would it be better applying at a different consulate (even thought I'm planning to stay most of the time in Paris). I've heard the Spanish consulate in Cape Town is better than the French one?  I'm so confused about this whole process. Has anyone managed to get a visa just with a regular letter of invitation?  And they ask for a detailed itinerary. I don't have one, I plan to just take it one day at a time. Is it just your plane tickets they want to see? 
26500	First time Schengen Visa application for france	I need some help in terms of info for applying for a Schengen Visa. I am in Cape Town and I want to visit my friend in Paris, but I've heard it's so complicated to get a Attestation d'Accueil. She has tried before and she doesn't have the right documents etc so would it be better applying at a different consulate (even thought I'm planning to stay most of the time in Paris). I've heard the Spanish consulate in Cape Town is better than the French one?  I'm so confused about this whole process. Has anyone managed to get a visa just with a regular letter of invitation?  And they ask for a detailed itinerary. I don't have one, I plan to just take it one day at a time. Is it just your plane tickets they want to see? 
26348	Getting a Schengen visa without firm travel plans	My girlfriend and I have South African passports with 5 year ancestral visas for the UK valid until 2018; we've been working here for a few months and have UK bank accounts. We're planning on saving up our earnings to tour around Europe in a few months. We don't know where exactly we'd like to go or for how long - just go where we want when we want.  A Schengen visa would be ideal as it would open a few countries to us. However two Schengen requirements may pose a problem:   We require tickets in and out of the Schengen zone (not much of a problem since we could get ferry/plane tickets from and to the UK a few weeks apart). We require proof of hotel books or offers of accommodation from whoever we're staying with (this is the big issue as we don't know where we want to go).   Does anyone know whether not having firm travel plans would absolutely prevent us from being granted visas? Does it make a difference that we are UK residents (we have UK bank accounts and an address we can use but not Right of Residence or citizenship) or that we have leave to return to the UK after our Schengen visa would expire?  Surely you can go to the Schengen zone without knowing where we want to go or exactly where we want to be on a certain date; isn't that the point of a Schengen zone - one visa for all countries? 
26510	Titanium in Body. Should I be careful of anything?	I have an all titanium wire mesh underneath my eye due to a car accident. It is supposed to be MRI and X-Ray safe and I have traveled with it once before. I usually avoid informing security beforehand in order to avoid additional security checks and confusions.   Is there something I should be worried about health-wise at airports or at security checks wherein it would be a better decision to inform them beforehand rather than running into some medical issues? 
26519	Shipping luggage from Belgium to South Africa?	My Fiance is coming back to South Africa from Bruxelles, Belgium. She has quite alot of luggage to bring home and the airline prices are just ridiculous. Is there a cheaper way to ship a bag from Belgium to South Africa? 
26519	Shipping luggage from Belgium to South Africa?	My Fiance is coming back to South Africa from Bruxelles, Belgium. She has quite alot of luggage to bring home and the airline prices are just ridiculous. Is there a cheaper way to ship a bag from Belgium to South Africa? 
26519	Shipping luggage from Belgium to South Africa?	My Fiance is coming back to South Africa from Bruxelles, Belgium. She has quite alot of luggage to bring home and the airline prices are just ridiculous. Is there a cheaper way to ship a bag from Belgium to South Africa? 
26526	As an EU national, what (if any) ID do I need to carry when crossing between France and Belgium?	Based on the expats question "If asked for ID in France by the police, as an EU national what is considered valid?", I know what the rules are for carrying ID as a Brit in France.  Secondly, I know that the Schengen Area (including France and Belgium) doesn't permit systematic checks, and that as an EU National travelling in the Schengen area, I do not need to show an national ID card or passport when travelling from one border-free Schengen EU country to another.  However, as the Europe.eu page says, it's highly recommended to take a passport or ID card with you when travelling between Schengen countries as an EU National.  So, as an EU national, if I start out in north-east France, and cross over into Belgium (on a local train, a bus, a bicycle or similar), what (if any) ID do I need to have with me?  
26534	How much hassle will I get flying into the Schengen zone for 7 months with a 3 month visa?	I'm American, and planning to fly into Europe for 7 months. With the Schengen visa, I'll be allowed 90 days out of 180 days in the Schengen zone. That's fine, I understand the rules, how the time period works, and have every intention to follow it.  I was thinking about spending the first 3 months in the Schengen zone, leaving for 3 months to regions outside, then returning for the last month. This means I'll be flying from the US, and my arriving and departing flight in Europe will both be inside the Schengen zone, so it's going to raise some flags and they might assume I'm staying within the zone for the entire 7 months.  If I simply explain on arrival that I understand the restrictions, and plan to visit Turkey or 3 months in the middle of the trip, will I be in the clear?  I did a similar trip in the past, although it was only 5 months, and I booked my arriving flight in the Schengen zone, and departing flight outside, so I was easily able to explain I was leaving to the departing country after 3 months, and flying home from there. All of these stamps are still in my passport, so I'm wondering if they see I did something similar a couple of years ago, and followed the rules, they'll be more understanding.  Any thoughts, or precautions I should take when booking these flights? Has anyone done something similar in the past, and had a return flight in and out of the Schengen zone longer than 3 months, and if so, how did border security react? 
22757	Visiting Greece with back-to-back Schengen visas (One from Germany, other from Italy)	I have a Schengen Visa issued by Germany, which expire on 11th Jan 2014, and I can remain in the zone till 11th Jan 23.59 PM. I have already visited Germany in the past with this visa, so I can travel whenever in Schengen zone directly from my country (Turkey).  I have a second Schengen Visa issued by Italy, which START on 12th Jan 2014, such that I can remain in Schengen zone from 12th Jan 00.00 AM onwards (I'm putting times to clarify which dates are inclusive).  I would like to travel to Greece with this visa: Entering the country on 6th January, and leaving the country on 19th January.  Is this allowed? Or do I have to leave the country first, and then re-enter through Italy? 
26539	Schengen visa from UK for Indian citizen	I am an Indian citizen holding a regular passport, can I apply for a Schengen visa from within the UK? 
26551	Can I buy a sim card for prepaid internet for the USA from Germany?	I am currently planning a 3 month trip to the USA (Pittsburgh, PA). As I have never been in the US and only rarely abroad and I was never alone abroad before I really want to make sure that I have internet access when I arrive. I have heard that many coffee shops have internet, but I don't want to rely on that. I would like to make sure that I have mobile internet.  To avoid unwanted high costs I want a prepaid solution just like simyo.de in Germany.   If I could use that simcard to make phone calls that would be nice, but internet is more important to me.  I have seen How to access the internet during a road trip in the USA?. However, as I am going to Pittsburgh I think I will have service.  I have seen AT/T, but one the one hand I'm not sure if they ship their simcard to Germany and I saw     Data (att.com/dataplans): If usage exceeds your monthly data allowance, you will automatically be charged overage for additional data provided.   When I use simyo, I get about 500MB of highspeed internet and afterwards free internet which is incredible slow, but I don't costs I don't want. Is there something similar in the US? 
26581	Is there a resource that lists dark sky reserves or similar places?	After reading this question I started wondering if there is a resource that lists good places to observe the night sky. Places with good sky visibility and litle light polution. Is there such a resource? 
26589	How to extend my stay in the Schengen area at the end of my trip?	I'm a US American, I'm currently visiting my brother in Germany, my 90 days visa is expiring in June, do I need to go back to the states, if so, how soon can I return to Germany? Or can I request to extend my visa, if so, which embassy should I go to request the extension of my stay? 
26601	Travelling as unmarried couple in Dubai	I'd wish to visit Dubai with my girlfriend, but after reading this travel advice and this question on sex and couples in Dubai I started to get a little worried about it. How should I book an hotel? Must I book two singles? Could it be a problem if we walk together in the city and go together to restaurants and malls without being married?   
26601	Travelling as unmarried couple in Dubai	I'd wish to visit Dubai with my girlfriend, but after reading this travel advice and this question on sex and couples in Dubai I started to get a little worried about it. How should I book an hotel? Must I book two singles? Could it be a problem if we walk together in the city and go together to restaurants and malls without being married?   
26611	Cheapest way to get money in Prague with a London bank account	I am travelling to Prague from London for a couple of days. I do have some questions.   Should I exchange my money here in the UK first? Or should I just use my credit card at the ATMs there in Prague? (the second will be more expensive right?) If I exchange my money here in the UK where is the best place to go?  
26432	What is a good way to get list of sights for a road trip (e.g. for a roadtrip from Chicago to Niagara falls?)	I would like to get a list of sights along the route from Chicago to Niagara falls via Cleveland.   How can one proceed when trying to obtain a list of sights in unknown area for further selection? 
26432	What is a good way to get list of sights for a road trip (e.g. for a roadtrip from Chicago to Niagara falls?)	I would like to get a list of sights along the route from Chicago to Niagara falls via Cleveland.   How can one proceed when trying to obtain a list of sights in unknown area for further selection? 
26432	What is a good way to get list of sights for a road trip (e.g. for a roadtrip from Chicago to Niagara falls?)	I would like to get a list of sights along the route from Chicago to Niagara falls via Cleveland.   How can one proceed when trying to obtain a list of sights in unknown area for further selection? 
26432	What is a good way to get list of sights for a road trip (e.g. for a roadtrip from Chicago to Niagara falls?)	I would like to get a list of sights along the route from Chicago to Niagara falls via Cleveland.   How can one proceed when trying to obtain a list of sights in unknown area for further selection? 
26615	Ryokans in Kyoto which are culturally interesting but not terribly expensive?	What are some ryokans in Kyoto for someone interested in a unique cultural experience but not worried about staying in a posh/fancy place?    I'm travelling to Kyoto soon, and I would like to stay in a ryokan to absorb some Japanese culture.  I don't want to spend too much money though, and I'm not very picky about the luxury of the hotel.  I plan to explore the city during the daytime and return to the ryokan for the evening meal before heading back out to catch some of the nightlife. 
26618	Re-entry to USA during time frame of original visa	I am a British citizen travelling in the USA for the last 2 months. On  entry to the USA I got a visa valid for 90 days. I am planing to go to Mexico and was wondering if on the return entry to the USA I will get a new via for another 90 days although my original visa will be still valid for 3 weeks at the time of entry back from Mexico. 
26615	Ryokans in Kyoto which are culturally interesting but not terribly expensive?	What are some ryokans in Kyoto for someone interested in a unique cultural experience but not worried about staying in a posh/fancy place?    I'm travelling to Kyoto soon, and I would like to stay in a ryokan to absorb some Japanese culture.  I don't want to spend too much money though, and I'm not very picky about the luxury of the hotel.  I plan to explore the city during the daytime and return to the ryokan for the evening meal before heading back out to catch some of the nightlife. 
26615	Ryokans in Kyoto which are culturally interesting but not terribly expensive?	What are some ryokans in Kyoto for someone interested in a unique cultural experience but not worried about staying in a posh/fancy place?    I'm travelling to Kyoto soon, and I would like to stay in a ryokan to absorb some Japanese culture.  I don't want to spend too much money though, and I'm not very picky about the luxury of the hotel.  I plan to explore the city during the daytime and return to the ryokan for the evening meal before heading back out to catch some of the nightlife. 
26655	Can you be detained for not paying for your hotel in Pretoria?	If you can't pay for your hotel, can either the hotel or the police keep you from flying home until you DO pay? 
26673	Changing leftover foreign currencies from travel back into dollars	I have been very lucky and have been able to travel this year. However, now that I am preparing to go back to the US, I realize that I have collected various small amounts of money (usually equivalent to $20–30) in a variety of world currencies. It is great to have such a 'coin collection', but since I'm travelling and living on a budget, I really would like to be able to actually use the money. What's the best strategy for changing various world currencies (e.g. Swiss francs, Thai baht, rupees, etc.) into dollars? If I go to a US bank where I have an account (e.g. Bank of America, Citibank) with foreign currency, will they be able to change it back into dollars? 
26673	Changing leftover foreign currencies from travel back into dollars	I have been very lucky and have been able to travel this year. However, now that I am preparing to go back to the US, I realize that I have collected various small amounts of money (usually equivalent to $20–30) in a variety of world currencies. It is great to have such a 'coin collection', but since I'm travelling and living on a budget, I really would like to be able to actually use the money. What's the best strategy for changing various world currencies (e.g. Swiss francs, Thai baht, rupees, etc.) into dollars? If I go to a US bank where I have an account (e.g. Bank of America, Citibank) with foreign currency, will they be able to change it back into dollars? 
26674	Schengen travel insurance	I'm currently a resident of the UAE (Abu Dhabi) and need Schengen insurance for my euro trip but I am having difficulty finding a company which will give me insurance as I won't be returning to the UAE. I will be cancelling my residence and returning to my native country, South Africa.  Any advice on where I can get the insurance necessary for travel in the Schengen area even though I'm not returning to the country I am departing from?  
26669	Flying with a bass guitar	I have a Ibanez SR300 bass and a hard case for it. I will be travelling from Bangalore, India to Washington DC in a couple of months and I am wondering how to take my guitar along. Can I check it in? Would it be safe? Do I have any alternatives?  I will be flying Etihad Airlines from Bangalore - Abu Dhabi - Washington DC. 
26669	Flying with a bass guitar	I have a Ibanez SR300 bass and a hard case for it. I will be travelling from Bangalore, India to Washington DC in a couple of months and I am wondering how to take my guitar along. Can I check it in? Would it be safe? Do I have any alternatives?  I will be flying Etihad Airlines from Bangalore - Abu Dhabi - Washington DC. 
26707	Do I need UK Transit or Visitor Visa – staying 2 days in London while traveling from India to USA	I am an Indian Citizen and US green-card holder. While returning from Mumbai to USA, I will stay 2 days in London for a short trip. But according to the scheduled arrival and departure time of my flight, it would be little longer than 48 hours (≈ 50 hours). Since for a transit visa the stay should be within 48 hours, can I pass through the immigration control after 2 hours of landing and go for a transit visa? I'm not sure how they would count the duration of my stay in London: would it begin from the scheduled arrival time of my flight, or from the time I'd go through the immigration checkpoint? Any suggestion would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. 
26716	Will a holiday during WHV in Germany deduct from a subsequent 90-day Schengen short-stay?	I'm from Australia currently on a working holiday visa in Germany. My visa expires on 14th October. I wish to stay until January 2015 if I travel/live visa free for another 90 days.   My question is: If I travel to Greece for 3 weeks in June, will that deduct from the 90 day period I would have after my working holiday runs out?  
26716	Will a holiday during WHV in Germany deduct from a subsequent 90-day Schengen short-stay?	I'm from Australia currently on a working holiday visa in Germany. My visa expires on 14th October. I wish to stay until January 2015 if I travel/live visa free for another 90 days.   My question is: If I travel to Greece for 3 weeks in June, will that deduct from the 90 day period I would have after my working holiday runs out?  
26716	Will a holiday during WHV in Germany deduct from a subsequent 90-day Schengen short-stay?	I'm from Australia currently on a working holiday visa in Germany. My visa expires on 14th October. I wish to stay until January 2015 if I travel/live visa free for another 90 days.   My question is: If I travel to Greece for 3 weeks in June, will that deduct from the 90 day period I would have after my working holiday runs out?  
6671	Consecutive Schengen area visas from different countries?	I am currently living in Germany, using a one-year working holiday visa.  When that expires, I hope to move to another European country, and continue this pattern of moving countries for as long as I'm eligible for visas.  I know that without a visa, as an Australian I can only stay in the Schengen area for 90 days out of every 180.   Is it going to be fine to apply for a Schengen visa (probably another 1-year working holiday) visa for another country, immediately consecutive to my current visa - i.e. starting the day my current one ends? When my visa here expires, do I need to leave the country immediately, or can I stay for up to 90 days before leaving?  
26737	Crossing the Atlantic by sailing boat, South America to Europe	For a while now I was harbouring the idea to cross the Atlantic not by plane but by any sort of oceangoing transport, in an attempt to travel slowly, reflect upon my time in South America and getting back to Europe.  Now, I don't really have a clue how to start looking for opportunities. I know from some people in the Canary Islands that going by sailing boat is an option. Their approach is to stay around the harbour area and ask around for arising opportunities. I found the following part of an answer on this site also (but it doesn't mention in detail where in South America I might find a boat):     Morten: "An other option to cross the Atlantic Ocean is by private sailing boats. But because of the sea (wind and currents) the season is from April to June. In the other months the sailing boats leave to Europe from the Caribbean Islands like Martinique. So you have to go there first."   I'm in Chile right now. I can reach Argentina, Peru, or southern Brazil. I don't have a fixed schedule when I need to get back to Europe. I also don't mind the destination country. I have no experience on sailing boats though I've been on other vessels before. I also have an ocean based profession if that's any help. I cannot afford to spend a lot of money, but a few hundred Euro would be OK.  My question is: what is the best way to look for opportunities? Where, in southern South America, am I most likely to find sailors going to Europe? 
26770	Heathrow Aiport showers for connecting passengers	I am arriving at Heathrow Airport Terminal 3 (Air Canada) and departing from Terminal 1 on SAA to SA (layover is 11 hours).  Are there any showers for connecting passengers anywhere (money is no problem), or do I have to leave the airport on a Hoppa Bus and get a day room at one of the local hotels? I don't really want to leave the airport environment! Cheers! 
26775	North-American chipless credit card in France	I am moving to France from the USA in the next 1 week. I just read that North American chipless credit cards will probably not work with several merchants in France and that they would most likely get rejected in RER ticket kiosks.  I will arrive at Paris CDG and the picture of people queuing up by an ATM is less than confidence promoting. I may not be able to get foreign currency before I leave, given the remote location of my US town.  In the first few hours or days of my being there, how do I avoid this potential pitfall of credit cards presumably being rejected?  Some of the other questions that I have read on this SE are:   Can US cards be used in countries with chip-and-pin system? Magnetic stripe credit cards in France  
26775	North-American chipless credit card in France	I am moving to France from the USA in the next 1 week. I just read that North American chipless credit cards will probably not work with several merchants in France and that they would most likely get rejected in RER ticket kiosks.  I will arrive at Paris CDG and the picture of people queuing up by an ATM is less than confidence promoting. I may not be able to get foreign currency before I leave, given the remote location of my US town.  In the first few hours or days of my being there, how do I avoid this potential pitfall of credit cards presumably being rejected?  Some of the other questions that I have read on this SE are:   Can US cards be used in countries with chip-and-pin system? Magnetic stripe credit cards in France  
26777	Is it possible to legally visit uninhabited islands in the Pacific for a couple of days/weeks?	Can you sail to any island, and anchor your boat there, and use the island for food?  
26774	Traveling to Germany with a French study visa	Say that someone has a French visa for study purposes. If he wants to travel to Germany by train for instance, can he go there freely without a passport or visa check? 
26794	Is it possible to extend my 90-day short stay in Sweden by 10 or 15 days?	I am a Canadian Citizen, visiting Sweden for 90 days without a visa. Is it possible to extend by just 15 days? If so, please provide information as to where I can find out how much it would cost and how to do so if you can.  The reason being, all the flights before the 91 day mark are about 200+ dollars more than after that date. 
26774	Traveling to Germany with a French study visa	Say that someone has a French visa for study purposes. If he wants to travel to Germany by train for instance, can he go there freely without a passport or visa check? 
26792	What will happen if I overstay in Sweden by 1 day?	I am a Canadian Citizen going to Sweden on the 90 day visa-free short stay. I am wondering if it is a big deal to over stay by one day. I'll be arriving on the 30th of May and I want to leave on the 28th of August (which is one day over). The cheapest flight I can book is on that day, otherwise I have to pay about 100 - 200 dollars more for an earlier flight.  (Keep in mind, I can't afford to cause problems that would prevent me from being able to come back to Sweden, as this is where my girlfriend lives, and I plan on moving there eventually)  
26792	What will happen if I overstay in Sweden by 1 day?	I am a Canadian Citizen going to Sweden on the 90 day visa-free short stay. I am wondering if it is a big deal to over stay by one day. I'll be arriving on the 30th of May and I want to leave on the 28th of August (which is one day over). The cheapest flight I can book is on that day, otherwise I have to pay about 100 - 200 dollars more for an earlier flight.  (Keep in mind, I can't afford to cause problems that would prevent me from being able to come back to Sweden, as this is where my girlfriend lives, and I plan on moving there eventually)  
26818	Change itineraries in Munich do I need a Schengen visa?	Here's the situation, I have two separate tickets to get from Mumbai to Charlotte:   Ticket 1: Mumbai to Munich on Etihad  ---Six hour layover in Munich--- Ticket 2: Munich to Charlotte on Lufthansa    Do I need a transit visa in Munich to get out and re-check my luggage in Lufthansa? If so, can I get the visa at the airport? I am an Indian citizen with a valid US visa.  
26825	Fudge into Australia	Can I take fudge that has been produced in Guernsey, Channel Islands, UK - into Australia together with my personal luggage? 
26828	How can I buy an economy ticket one-way from Tahiti to Easter Island?	I am trying to price flights for a South Pacific trip. Easter Island can be reached from either Santiago, Chile, or Tahiti. Flights from island to island within the South Pacific (eg Fiji to Samoa or New Caledonia to Vanuatu) tend to run about 300 per person. Some are a little less, some a little more. But PPT-IPC is $1300 per person, no matter where I look. Expedia, Travelocity, Cheapo Air, Matrix by ITA, LAN's own site, you name it. And when I look a little closer, this prices is, it turns out, almost always for a business class ticket. For example from ITA:    Is this an all-business flight? Why can't I find economy prices on this route?  Update: This seems to be related to its being one way. Return tickets are hard to find because there is only 1 flight a week in each direction. But for example on LAN if I choose return PPT-IPC March 10th, IPC-PPT March 16th, I can get $750 per person in O class. If I could throw away the return I would save over $500 per person, but what I would prefer is to buy the O class one way - especially since I don't intend to move to Easter Island, so I will be leaving it, and I will be leaving it on a LAN flight, so annoying them with dropped segments is a bad idea. 
26857	How do you know if you have found the cheapest air fare on a given route?	I have learned that spending quite some time on searching for a the best fare for a trip can be quite rewarding. It isn't uncommon that I save 1000 Euro on a trip, simply by going through various resources. Still I often regret not having waited a bit longer in booking, because I notice an even cheaper fare. Then again it is also not uncommon that I waited too long.   It would be so nice if you can know the rock bottom (real) price of a given route. I say "real" because I know that airlines sometimes have 1-10 Euro stunt prices airlines, but that is like winning the lottery since they are so hard to secure. So far I only managed once to buy a return trip for 1 Euro.   So I am not talking about the stunt prices airlines use for marketing purposes.  This question is inspired by a Dutch documentary where a group of journalists investigated what it costs the airlines to fly between Amsterdam and London. If I remember correctly it was on average 60 Euro per chair. So I would consider 60 Euro a threshold price for a trip from Amsterdam to London. Anything below 60 euro's becomes a bargain. 
26859	Limited duration of stay on a Schengen visa	I'm from Tunisia and I got a Schengen visa from Malta for 45 days only but the validity of the visa is from 11/02/2014 to 09/08/2014, multi entry. I went to Malta the 16/02/2014 using that visa and I stayed there 45 days exactly I exited the 02/04/2014. I went back to the embassy of Malta in Tunisia and applied for another visa to Malta, but they told me that I can apply for another visa only when the previous one expires, which will be on 09/08/2014. And I cannot wait till that time.  So they give me another option, namely using the same visa to re-enter Malta but I have to stay 45 days out of the Schengen zone from the day of my exit. This is have been told by the consultant himself. I would like to know if there is such a thing. 
26859	Limited duration of stay on a Schengen visa	I'm from Tunisia and I got a Schengen visa from Malta for 45 days only but the validity of the visa is from 11/02/2014 to 09/08/2014, multi entry. I went to Malta the 16/02/2014 using that visa and I stayed there 45 days exactly I exited the 02/04/2014. I went back to the embassy of Malta in Tunisia and applied for another visa to Malta, but they told me that I can apply for another visa only when the previous one expires, which will be on 09/08/2014. And I cannot wait till that time.  So they give me another option, namely using the same visa to re-enter Malta but I have to stay 45 days out of the Schengen zone from the day of my exit. This is have been told by the consultant himself. I would like to know if there is such a thing. 
26874	Schengen Visa Multiple trips- which embassy to apply?	I had written the question(see below) yesterday. I believe I have found more authoritative advice from the italian vfs website : http://it.vfsglobal.co.uk/allaboutvisa.html.  (Note - Third paragraph below is the key).  "-----------  A Schengen visa has to be obtained from the Embassy of the country where the MAIN PURPOSE OF TRAVEL lies. Therefore, please check your travel plans before applying at the Italy Visa Application Centre in London.  In case of travel to multiple Schengen countries, please apply to the Embassy of the country where you will be staying for the maximum number of days. If the number of days to be spent in multiple countries is the same, you must apply to the embassy of the country which will be your first point of entry.   Please note that the above rule applies only in the case of a single, consecutive trip to multiple Schengen countries, it does not apply to separate trips to either one or more countries. If you are planning on separate trips to one or more countries, you must apply to the embassy of your first port of entry.   ---------"  Hopefully it will help other travelers in my situation. My question was:   "I am a Indian postgraduate student studying in the UK. I have to attend a conference in France from 03 June - 06 June (4 days), after which I will return to UK. I also have to attend a conference in Italy from 13 June - 20 June (8 days). I have flights and hotel bookings for both trips.   I will be applying for a multiple entry schengen visa.  I have been through the boards and schengen visa info but I am not clear on the following question: 1) I am not sure which embassy I have to apply to? If I was making a single trip, visiting both countries, then I would apply to the country with the longest stay (Italy). But if I am making two trips, is Italy still my main destination? Should I go to french embassy and make one application, and if they don't give me the Italy visa should I apply again at the Italian embassy later? Thanks for your help. " 
26874	Schengen Visa Multiple trips- which embassy to apply?	I had written the question(see below) yesterday. I believe I have found more authoritative advice from the italian vfs website : http://it.vfsglobal.co.uk/allaboutvisa.html.  (Note - Third paragraph below is the key).  "-----------  A Schengen visa has to be obtained from the Embassy of the country where the MAIN PURPOSE OF TRAVEL lies. Therefore, please check your travel plans before applying at the Italy Visa Application Centre in London.  In case of travel to multiple Schengen countries, please apply to the Embassy of the country where you will be staying for the maximum number of days. If the number of days to be spent in multiple countries is the same, you must apply to the embassy of the country which will be your first point of entry.   Please note that the above rule applies only in the case of a single, consecutive trip to multiple Schengen countries, it does not apply to separate trips to either one or more countries. If you are planning on separate trips to one or more countries, you must apply to the embassy of your first port of entry.   ---------"  Hopefully it will help other travelers in my situation. My question was:   "I am a Indian postgraduate student studying in the UK. I have to attend a conference in France from 03 June - 06 June (4 days), after which I will return to UK. I also have to attend a conference in Italy from 13 June - 20 June (8 days). I have flights and hotel bookings for both trips.   I will be applying for a multiple entry schengen visa.  I have been through the boards and schengen visa info but I am not clear on the following question: 1) I am not sure which embassy I have to apply to? If I was making a single trip, visiting both countries, then I would apply to the country with the longest stay (Italy). But if I am making two trips, is Italy still my main destination? Should I go to french embassy and make one application, and if they don't give me the Italy visa should I apply again at the Italian embassy later? Thanks for your help. " 
26780	Is there a flight search engine that combines flights from different airlines?	Is there a search engine that considers "mix&amp;match" flight combinations?  My current problem: I need to go from FRA to YLW (Frankfurt/Germany to Kelowna/Canada) on July 29th, and arrive no later than 5pm. The search engines I checked only offer €3000+ flights.  I found a 2-stop combo through LHR and YVR for half that price. I'll probably have to check my baggage out and back in twice, but if the layover times are long enough, who cares?  A real search engine could find that for me (or something that's even better). Or, hell, give me a place to bulk-download the flight schedules from and I'll program it myself (of course I'd also need a way to check seat availability …).  Update: Please read before answering. A search engine which does this should, at minimum, show the flight combination through LHR which I found manually. Note that I need to arrive before 5pm, on the same day.  Also note that this is a generic question; I'm not looking for a specific good flight here -- but the details are useful to illustrate whether an answer is actually valid. :-/  NB: Typo, should have been July 29th. 
26890	One trip across two consecutive Schengen visas?	I would like to consult you on a weird situation in which I might have to take a trip to the Schengen area that fall on two consecutive visas I have.  I (Chinese passport holder, student in UK university) am planning to travel to Germany 20-23 June to attend a friend's wedding. As I already have a tourist Schengen visa that lasts (rather unfortunately) exactly until 20 June I had to get another visa for the rest of the days of the trip.   I submitted the application to the German Embassy in London through VFS with the indication on the application form that I am entering the Schengen area on 20th (with all the booked flights, accommodation etc.). When I received my passport I found that I was granted a new tourist Schengen visa indeed, but starting from 21th June instead of 20th. Can I, with the two consecutive visas, enter Germany on 20 June and stay through to the 23 June? Are there cases/regulations that you have heard of regarding such situation? 
2952	Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?	There is a common story that airline ticket prices rise significantly if you buy them less than two weeks before departure.  And that any time before that will yield standard prices.  Is that advice valid for flying during holiday seasons?  As an example: if I want to fly coast to coast USA on December 7th, must I buy my ticket ASAP, or would I get a similar price buying on November 21st? 
26891	What is the procedure with people at CBP who cannot speak english	I currently have the situation, that someone is visiting me in the US from Germany. But this person cannot speak english at all.  How and what should one do to get the person through the CBP as smoothly as possible?  EDIT:  The Event happened and my friend got through CBP very smoothly. I wrote her a letter stating she is visiting me, for how long, my contact information and when she is leaving. The CBP Officer was fine with it stamped the papers and that's it. She came in at JFK Terminal 4. 
26909	Options for a cruise from Helsinki to St Petersburg	As a follow on from the following question:  Do I need a visa if I go with a cruise line to St. Petersburg? What are the different options/what is required to organize a cruise from Helsinki to St Petersburg?  It seems that the main operator is St Peter Line and they have quite a lot of info on the visa free rule.  Its not clear whether I can:   Purchase a return trip and organize my own accommodation in St Petersburg.  Or would I only be allowed to stay on the Ferry? Purchase a cruise package and stay presumably stay on the Ferry (would I be able to stay in St Petersburg with this option?) Purchase one of the few hotel packages which I'm guessing includes the cruise and hotels.   What are the differences between these (in terms of paper work and things I need to organize) if I simply want to visit St Petersburg for 72 hours?  Are there any alternatives?  Update 1  I've found another site which has a nice booking section:  Tour De Force  This seems to imply you have to book a hotel with the tour company.  This company allows you to book a place on the Princess Maria Ferry Boat which is run by St Peter Line anyway.  Update 2  According to the FAQ we need proof of hotel and tour shuttle and officially you are not meant to explore by yourself but stay with the tour bus group        Do I need a Russian Visa?   No, a Russian Visa is not required if:   – Your stay in St. Petersburg is no longer than 72 hours*   – You book a return ferry and a shuttle bus tickets** through Tour de Force   – You carry your passport, ferry and shuttle bus tickets at all times while you are in St. Petersburg   – You are not traveling with a vehicle.   If we arrive without visa do we sleep on the ship while in St. Petersburg, or do we need to book a hotel?   If you stay in St Petersburg overnight you will need to book a hotel as the ship runs between St. Petersburg and Helsinki every day.     
26922	If I enter the USA with dual US/Caribbean Island citizenship and only present my Caribbean passport will they know I am a USA citizen?	I have dual citizenship, USA &amp; a Caribbean island. If I enter the USA with only my Caribbean island passport, will they know I am a USA citizen? 
26925	Can you prevent being reseated at a middle seat in economy, after a change of airplane model?	I am almost phobic about the middle seat on an airplane. I really hate sitting in the middle. Maybe it is my share of experiences ranging from being seated in between two sweaty miners, to being seated in between two religious people from opposing religions discussing their beliefs for more the 8 hours. (They were very civil, thank God for that, but still). I have come to hate the middle seat to the extent that I meticulously plan ahead to make sure I am sitting either in a window seat or at the aisle. Usually that works.   However, sometimes there is this "change of equipment" making my meticulously chosen seat non-existent and guess what I usually get a middle seat assigned.   Is being phobic about the middle seat a recognised disease and a valid argument to ask for either being seated in at a window or aisle seat? If so, how is this disease called?  I know this wouldn't be an issue if fly higher tier class, but unfortunately I can't always secure the funds to support traveling those classes.  
26794	Is it possible to extend my 90-day short stay in Sweden by 10 or 15 days?	I am a Canadian Citizen, visiting Sweden for 90 days without a visa. Is it possible to extend by just 15 days? If so, please provide information as to where I can find out how much it would cost and how to do so if you can.  The reason being, all the flights before the 91 day mark are about 200+ dollars more than after that date. 
26930	How can I reduce expenses on currency conversions?	I would like to know the best way to reduce expenses on currency conversions.  I think I have 4 options:   Buy money in an exchange money house in my home town. Use my debit/credit cart to pay bills. Get money from an ATM. Buy money in an exchange money house in the country where I'm visiting.   What is the less expensive? 
26939	Can I use my Schengen visa for a completely different purpose and entry point?	I am a non-EU national, permanent UK Resident. Recently, my work issued me with a multiple Schengen visa with Norway as the first (main) point of entry. Now I want to go on holidays to Greece - do I need to apply to Schengen visa again, as Greece is not Norway and I am not going there for work? 
26949	Have anyone experienced inspection of their laptop or digital media content?	There is a question about the UK and the US and whether their border officers can search your laptop. This is a more general question.   Can customs check files and software inside your laptop or flash cards, external discs, etc? Does this happen in any countries? 
26952	Would it be unsafe for an American to go to Moscow right now?	I'm an American, and I'm considering going to Moscow in a month.  Would it likely be unsafe for me to do so, considering the current situation with Ukraine?  EDIT Well, I went this summer, and it was a great experience. No trouble whatsoever. The people were nice enough (not smiley like Americans though, of course). The center of Moscow is pretty darn nice. The subway is particularly nice and probably the best I've used (I've used 5 or 6 different subways now). I definitely will go back -- next time I'll visit Saint Petersburg. Using Google Maps and a subway app helped a lot, and having someone there that I knew helped even more. 
26794	Is it possible to extend my 90-day short stay in Sweden by 10 or 15 days?	I am a Canadian Citizen, visiting Sweden for 90 days without a visa. Is it possible to extend by just 15 days? If so, please provide information as to where I can find out how much it would cost and how to do so if you can.  The reason being, all the flights before the 91 day mark are about 200+ dollars more than after that date. 
26794	Is it possible to extend my 90-day short stay in Sweden by 10 or 15 days?	I am a Canadian Citizen, visiting Sweden for 90 days without a visa. Is it possible to extend by just 15 days? If so, please provide information as to where I can find out how much it would cost and how to do so if you can.  The reason being, all the flights before the 91 day mark are about 200+ dollars more than after that date. 
26978	Is it possible to go outside during my three-hour transit in Brussels?	My flight from Rwanda to Russia through Brussels. I will have 4 hours transit in Brussels airport. Can I enjoy my connection time outside of the airport till time approaches?  
26986	Does the ACA provision about pre-existing conditions apply to visitors to the US?	Travel insurance with a pre-existing condition does not mention ACA--not surprising since it was posted in 2011.     I know that the Affordable Care Act stopped payers from considering pre-existing conditions.  But perhaps that prohibition only applies when the subscriber is a U.S. citizen.  I have a Canadian friend who received a $3000 per MONTH quote, and she thinks a pre-existing condition might explain it.   
26945	72h China transit visa: Which airlines offer interlining in Beijing?	I would like to take advantage of the 72h China transit visa at Beijing Capital airport and city.  My confusion concerns the term "interline ticket" in the regulations. To me, that sounds like I have to book the flight into and out of Beijing at one airline carrier on the same booking reference - which according to my attempts is not to easy, especially since China Eastern doesn't offer multi-city bookings (at least online).  Is my interpretation correct? If so, which carriers are the usual suspects to offer bookings for this (eg. HKG-PEK, PEK-ICN)? 
26945	72h China transit visa: Which airlines offer interlining in Beijing?	I would like to take advantage of the 72h China transit visa at Beijing Capital airport and city.  My confusion concerns the term "interline ticket" in the regulations. To me, that sounds like I have to book the flight into and out of Beijing at one airline carrier on the same booking reference - which according to my attempts is not to easy, especially since China Eastern doesn't offer multi-city bookings (at least online).  Is my interpretation correct? If so, which carriers are the usual suspects to offer bookings for this (eg. HKG-PEK, PEK-ICN)? 
27000	Where can I get help planning my plane trip?	I was recently planning my trip from Poland to Las Vegas and since the online flight planners didn't suggest me anything interesting, I decided to do the research on my own. I found the following connection from Warsaw to Las Vegas via New York:   Warsaw (WAW) - New York (JFK), LOT, 6 Aug, 13:00 – 16:25 New York (JFK) - Warsaw (WAW), LOT, 11 Aug, 22:55 – 13:00   Details here: http://goo.gl/zMFnGv [full link here]   New York (JFK) - Las Vegas (LAS), Jet Blue, 6 Aug 18:59 – 21:45 Las Vegas (LAS) - New York (JFK), Jet Blue, 11 Aug, 11:55 – 20:06   Details here: http://goo.gl/eUBAXL [full link here]  I could see both the flights separately in four online flight planners, but none of them suggested me to use them together, which got me worried. Instead, it suggested to come back via Chicago with 9 hours of waiting at the airport, which sounds much less convenient to me. Is there some timezone overlap that I missed, or does that just happen to flight planners to miss some of the flight? Where can I get help planning my flights which involve multiple airlines and timezones? I was thinking of e-mailing the airlines, but somehow that didn't sound like the best idea. 
27007	French student in Canada: going back home from NYC	I'm French, and I will continue my studies in Montreal during the next 3 years.   Next year, I will go back to France for holidays, and I would like to take my flight from NYC. What are the formalities? 
27014	Can I keep my old passport when I have it renewed and a new one issued?	I have occasionally read about old passports people collect as keepsakes of their travels. Now, I just came across a mention of “all old passports” in a list of things to bring to a US visa interview so it seems to be a perfectly common and official thing.  That's surprising for me because I always had to hand in my old passport to the consulate to get a new one. I never asked if it was a requirement but while researching this question, I found out that it actually was. Apparently, in France, if you want to renew your passport, you are only allowed to keep the old one if it contains a valid visa and that only for the duration of the visa in question (no idea how they enforce that last restriction, if they do it at all, but officially it seems to be the rule). I also came across many forum posts from people who basically lied about losing their passport to keep it (you have to sign a form to that effect so I wouldn't consider it entirely benign).  Is it common for other countries to let people keep old passports? Do you have to lie about losing the old one, simply ask to keep it or is it perhaps even standard procedure to punch/cut the passport and return it to its holder? Is there any other country where handing in an old passport is in principle required? Are there any international recommendations about that? 
26946	What is the proper etiquette at Japanese onsen?	Japan is a volcanically active country which means it has a plethora of onsen (hot springs) all around the country.  Visiting these onsen is supposed to be a popular vacation destination for the work-weary Japanese.    I've been told that, as with other things in Japan, there is a rather strict etiquette surrounding the use of the onsen.  In particular, the two things I've read about so far are   Swimming Suits are not allowed. It is very important that one bathe immediately before entering the onsen.   Are these true?  Are there any other taboos that a naive American should be aware of?   
27034	Where can I exchange Chilean Pesos in Bangkok, Thailand?	Well, I've done it again.  I forgot to change my currency before traveling, and now I'm stuck with a bunch of foreign currency that nobody seems to want!  This time, I'm in Bangkok, and I've got a whole bunch of Chilean Pesos.  I tried a bunch of currency exchanges at Suvarnabhumi Airport, as well as a few locations throughout Bangkok.  Nobody wants my Pesos!  Where can I exchange my Chilean Pesos in Bangkok?  At this point, I'm willing to trade them for any other currency — Thai Baht, US Dollars, Bitcoin... 
27031	Did the international regulation for electronic devices during takeoff/landing of airplanes change?	I was on a flight on 18th April, and the announcement during start &amp; landing was that all devices, including those with flight mode have to be completely switched off.   On 8th of May I was again on the same airline (Swiss), and the announcement was that devices have to be in flight mode or switched off if they do not have flight mode.  This essentially means that one can now continue to listen to music, etc. on a smartphone during takeoff and landing. Is this a new international regulation, or only something that Swiss changed? 
26707	Do I need UK Transit or Visitor Visa – staying 2 days in London while traveling from India to USA	I am an Indian Citizen and US green-card holder. While returning from Mumbai to USA, I will stay 2 days in London for a short trip. But according to the scheduled arrival and departure time of my flight, it would be little longer than 48 hours (≈ 50 hours). Since for a transit visa the stay should be within 48 hours, can I pass through the immigration control after 2 hours of landing and go for a transit visa? I'm not sure how they would count the duration of my stay in London: would it begin from the scheduled arrival time of my flight, or from the time I'd go through the immigration checkpoint? Any suggestion would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. 
27040	Are there any websites or other resources that lists discounts or special conditions for seniors in Europe?	In some countries seniors have special conditions on the train, museums, etc.  Relating a comment on this question I was wondering if there are websites or resources that list special conditions for seniors.  Such resource would be very helpful to encourage them to be more active. 
27012	Is there a discount on train tickets for people older than a given age in the Netherlands?	I am helping a friend to plan a trip in the Netherlands. He is 68 years old. Is there some discount on the train like in Belgium? 
26707	Do I need UK Transit or Visitor Visa – staying 2 days in London while traveling from India to USA	I am an Indian Citizen and US green-card holder. While returning from Mumbai to USA, I will stay 2 days in London for a short trip. But according to the scheduled arrival and departure time of my flight, it would be little longer than 48 hours (≈ 50 hours). Since for a transit visa the stay should be within 48 hours, can I pass through the immigration control after 2 hours of landing and go for a transit visa? I'm not sure how they would count the duration of my stay in London: would it begin from the scheduled arrival time of my flight, or from the time I'd go through the immigration checkpoint? Any suggestion would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. 
27031	Did the international regulation for electronic devices during takeoff/landing of airplanes change?	I was on a flight on 18th April, and the announcement during start &amp; landing was that all devices, including those with flight mode have to be completely switched off.   On 8th of May I was again on the same airline (Swiss), and the announcement was that devices have to be in flight mode or switched off if they do not have flight mode.  This essentially means that one can now continue to listen to music, etc. on a smartphone during takeoff and landing. Is this a new international regulation, or only something that Swiss changed? 
25225	Traveling to Germany before using a type D visa for Belgium	I have a valid Belgium work permit and visa type D, however due to project delays, my travel to Belgium is delayed for few more months, so that visa is not utilized. However I would like to travel to Germany even before this travel.  Can I apply for a separate Schengen tourist visa for Germany in that case and travel? Will the immigration entry will be smooth for me? Or do I need to cancel the existing Belgium visa to secure a new tourist visa for Germany? 
23017	Can I travel to France for the second time with my visa type D?	I was doing exchange programme in France for 4 months. For this, I got the visa for a long stay. Particulars mentioned on my visa are:    France (sauf CTOM) From 22-08-2013 till 22-02-2014  Type of visa : D  Numbers of entries: MULT  Duration of stay XXX.   I finished my programme in December. Now, I'd like to visit my friends there in February for a week. So, can I reuse my visa again or should I get a new one? 
27067	Where can I have a genuine Ainu cultural experience in Hokkaido? (or Tokyo!)	I've asked similar questions in the past about how to immerse in or at least experience in an authentic way, the indigenous cultures of the Australian aborigines and the New Zealand Maoris.  I've now been in Hokkaido (northern Japan) for a couple of weeks and when it comes to the indigenous Ainu people, have only seen a few nicknacks in odd places. I'm sure there are some museums and perhaps even some "Ainu World" type tourist traps. But what about for genuinely interested people who want to meet real Ainu who are proud of their culture and trying to keep it alive?  I have heard that the Ainu finally gained official recognition from the Japanese government as an indigenous people of Japan as recently as 2008. I'm wondering if there are some things that have come about since then?  I also just learned from a partial documentary on YouTube that many Ainu felt so repressed in Hokkaido that they moved to Tokyo. So perhaps it's just as likely that there is some contemporary Ainu cultural pride movement there that welcomes foreign visitors. It seemed to be hinted at in the video.  Finally, having languages and linguistics as a hobby, I'd be very interested to be able to visit any kind of Ainu language revitalization effort - I know there are only a tiny handful of fluent native speakers left. 
27067	Where can I have a genuine Ainu cultural experience in Hokkaido? (or Tokyo!)	I've asked similar questions in the past about how to immerse in or at least experience in an authentic way, the indigenous cultures of the Australian aborigines and the New Zealand Maoris.  I've now been in Hokkaido (northern Japan) for a couple of weeks and when it comes to the indigenous Ainu people, have only seen a few nicknacks in odd places. I'm sure there are some museums and perhaps even some "Ainu World" type tourist traps. But what about for genuinely interested people who want to meet real Ainu who are proud of their culture and trying to keep it alive?  I have heard that the Ainu finally gained official recognition from the Japanese government as an indigenous people of Japan as recently as 2008. I'm wondering if there are some things that have come about since then?  I also just learned from a partial documentary on YouTube that many Ainu felt so repressed in Hokkaido that they moved to Tokyo. So perhaps it's just as likely that there is some contemporary Ainu cultural pride movement there that welcomes foreign visitors. It seemed to be hinted at in the video.  Finally, having languages and linguistics as a hobby, I'd be very interested to be able to visit any kind of Ainu language revitalization effort - I know there are only a tiny handful of fluent native speakers left. 
27067	Where can I have a genuine Ainu cultural experience in Hokkaido? (or Tokyo!)	I've asked similar questions in the past about how to immerse in or at least experience in an authentic way, the indigenous cultures of the Australian aborigines and the New Zealand Maoris.  I've now been in Hokkaido (northern Japan) for a couple of weeks and when it comes to the indigenous Ainu people, have only seen a few nicknacks in odd places. I'm sure there are some museums and perhaps even some "Ainu World" type tourist traps. But what about for genuinely interested people who want to meet real Ainu who are proud of their culture and trying to keep it alive?  I have heard that the Ainu finally gained official recognition from the Japanese government as an indigenous people of Japan as recently as 2008. I'm wondering if there are some things that have come about since then?  I also just learned from a partial documentary on YouTube that many Ainu felt so repressed in Hokkaido that they moved to Tokyo. So perhaps it's just as likely that there is some contemporary Ainu cultural pride movement there that welcomes foreign visitors. It seemed to be hinted at in the video.  Finally, having languages and linguistics as a hobby, I'd be very interested to be able to visit any kind of Ainu language revitalization effort - I know there are only a tiny handful of fluent native speakers left. 
27087	Can you buy Eurostar Brussels-Lille tickets on the day, for the same price as in advance?	As per the answers to Travelling by train in mainland Europe, will I save money by booking my tickets early?, you should normally book your Eurostar tickets in advance, ideally a few months out (especially for popular trains).   Despite that, there's something a little different when it comes to the 30 minute trip between Lille and Brussels. These are the prices for 4 days time:   It's basically the same thing whichever day I pick - normally only one train offers any class other than standard, the rest only offer non-flexible tickets at an apparently fixed price.  Given that, is it possible to just turn up at Brussels station a bit more than 30 minutes out from the train I end up wanting, buy a ticket for this price and travel? Or do I still need to book online in advance (for one specific train since there's almost no flexible ones) to get this £24 price?  .  (For those wondering why the Eurostar, there's currently only 1-2 Thalys trips per day between Brussels and Lille, normal Intercity trains seem to be almost the same price and take 3 times as long. TGV looks to be slightly cheaper on a special weekend fare, and just as quick, but there are more+later Eurostars than TGVs on the day I want to travel) 
27091	Couchsurfing hosting etiquette, length?	My question is regarding hosting, and how to deal with people who want to stay 5 or more days. I've hosted a few times now, but pretty specifically only accepted people who want to stay for 1-2 nights: I'm pretty busy, and I do like hosting but it ends up being kind of a burden on my roommates and I (usually the surfer has stuff to do during the day anyway, but you still have to make sure someone's around to let them in the house and such).  However sometimes I get requests from people whose itinerary states that they're looking for a place to stay for 5 or more days, which is just way too long for us. Often they'll even say in their message they'd be happy just staying for a couple days even. However, it seems really awkward to me: what if they come for the first couple days of their trip, they're completely nice and friendly, but then we just have to give them the boot because we're kind of exhausted from managing the whole thing?  I guess one strategy would be to invite them only for the last couple days of their trip, so there's a definite time limit on it, but that seems a little disingenuous to me. Is there a more tactful way to avoid the awkwardness? 
27100	Cheapest flight to anywhere at any given time	I'm looking to take a spontaneous trip for a long weekend. The date is flexible and the destination can be anywhere in the world. Is there a site that would allow me to search airfares within a date range, while keeping the destination parameters open?  
27121	Can the 90/180 Schengen Visa for a US Citizen be staggered?	I stayed for two months from March 10th to April 27 (almost 2 months). Would the remaining month I didn't use still be available for me if I were to return in July? 
27129	Malaysian passport holder, transitting/arriving at US with no visa	Will they stop me at departure in Malaysia, or at the US airport? I'm seeking asylum. 
27133	At Brussels Midi station, can you access the Eurostar Business Premier lounge when going to Lille or Calais?	Since November, passengers on the Eurostar from Brussels to other Schengen destinations (Lille or Calais) now check in and clear security in a different area.   From the Eurostar conditions of carriage     Check-in at Brussels-Midi for your journey to Lille or Calais will take place at the intra-Schengen Terminal. This dedicated check-in area is located on the mezzanine floor of Midi station accessible by the stairs and lifts rather than in the Channel Terminal.   If you have a suitable Railteam loyalty card which gives you lounge access, are you able to access the Eurostar Business Premier lounge on the ground floor, having gone through the Schengen checkin area on the mezzanine floor? Or are intra-Schengen passengers kept upstairs after checkin, unable to get down to the mezzanine to access the lounge?  (It appears from this question that you can't buy a Business Premier ticket for intra-Schengen travel, so you won't get ticket based lounge access, only Railteam Loyalty Card based access could be applying) 
27135	Reentering the Schengen area when visiting without visa	I'm travelling to Spain with my US passport. After 5 days in Spain, I'm travelling to Morocco for 4 days. After Morocco, can I reenter Spain for 1 more week? I've read we have up to 90 days, but they don't say what happens if you leave the Schengen zone to visit Morocco. Thank you! 
21710	Need fast mobile internet while in Finland for 1 month	I need a data plan while in Finland for a month later this year.  I'm going to ask for loaner cell phone and laptop from my work.  I was thinking of asking for a GSM iPhone and Mac Book Pro.  Then getting a USB modem dongle w/sim card.  Will these American-bought devices work in Finland?  Which Finnish internet provider (if any) has short-term 4g contracts?  My wife (a Finn) says these don't exist, but I find that hard to believe given Finnish cellular penetration. 
27151	How does the SNCF Voyageur program work?	I'm planning some TGV trips soon, but despite being a member of two different Railteam frequent traveller programs already, from this question it doesn't look like I'd be able to credit the journeys on a TGV to either of them.  I think, if I want to get any credit for them, I'll need to join the SNCF Voyageur Program. The English language website for it has some broad details about the program, but doesn't really explain much about how you earn credit from TGV journeys, nor about redeeming them. It links through to various French language websites, but these all seem to have even less information on them, with all the important details apparently only available after you log in. (Since joining seems to take about a week, you can't just sign up and immediately see the details, grr....)  If someone with better google-fu than me, or someone who's a member who can log in to the site to get the full details, is able to post about the program that would be great. Specifically, I'm interested in:   What tickets I can and can't get credit for What's the earnings rate (per segment, per mile, per euro, something else?) How do the different levels work? How do the rewards work?   Hopefully from that, I can work out if there's actually any point in me joining the program for just a few trips or not! 
27157	If I had 1 hour to explore Kuala Lumpur, what should I not miss?	Considering I get only 1 hour free time to experience the city of Kuala Lumpur, what is that one thing I should not miss?  UPDATE  I apologize if my question raised questions like '1 hour from where` and 'how are you arriving' and 'airport to city' - I assumed it was obvious that I would be starting off somewhere in the center of the city. It looks like Petronas towers is a great spectacle to check out! Thanks! 
27221	Non-EU spouse traveling to Europe: Do I need a visa for each country?	First off I know there a bunch of similar questions on the site - but I'm left very confused even after reading them.  I've see the info on the europa.eu site but I'm not entirely sure how to interpret it.  I'm a UK national - my wife is a Chinese national and we currently reside in China.  I have family in Switzerland who we would like to visit - but how exactly would we go about doing a visa for my wife?  The material online says:     Before travelling, check which these are with the consulate or embassy of the destination country.   Although our goal is to go to Switzerland - being in Europe is quite convenient to travel - so would we need to check with the consulates of every single country we would want to go?  Does being married actually make any difference?!   What visa would we apply for?!  Any ideas at all!? 
27226	Can I travel from France to UK with a recently expired French passport?	I'm a French national, with a recently expired passport (expired 1 month ago) and no national ID card. I'd like to go to London from Paris (by bus, if it matters). Can I do so with my expired passport?  The reason I even ask is that, in France and (I heard) many European countries, a passport expired for less than 5 years is a valid proof of ID. 
27226	Can I travel from France to UK with a recently expired French passport?	I'm a French national, with a recently expired passport (expired 1 month ago) and no national ID card. I'd like to go to London from Paris (by bus, if it matters). Can I do so with my expired passport?  The reason I even ask is that, in France and (I heard) many European countries, a passport expired for less than 5 years is a valid proof of ID. 
26320	Visa requirement for a tourist to South Korea from Australia	One of my friend want to visit South Korea as a tourist from Australia. What is the documents required to apply for tourist visa? 
27250	convert brother's railway ticket into mine ticket	I have booked a ticket on IRCTC (Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation) for me and my brother but now even my sister is willing to travel but we are not getting tickets for her. So my brother agreed to not come and take my sister with me. Can I take my sister on the same ticket which is booked on my brother's name? Or is there a way I can change the name on already booked ticket to reflect my brother's name or is there a way I can cancel the ticket and book the same ticket on my sister's name?    
27225	How do I decide whether to be worried about having enough blank pages in my passport?	I am planning a long trip over a year from now. The tentative itinerary is   Canada USA (maybe LA, maybe Hawaii, doesn't matter, I have Nexus) Australia New Caledonia Vanuatu Fiji Samoa New Zealand Cook Islands Tahiti Easter Island Chile (or possibly back to places we have been before) Canada   I will be traveling on a Canadian passport. All of these countries are (for me) "you can stay 30 days without a visa" or "visa on arrival" except for Australia, which is an electronic visa.   In my past travels, some countries have been pretty good about fitting 4 stamps on a page (eg Bulgaria stamped on the way in and out, but they chose the page that the Netherlands had used for in and out.) However not all have been. Australia put their entry stamp on an otherwise empty page and then found a different empty page for the exit stamp.   I have three blank single pages scattered among the stamped-on pages, and then a stretch of 12 single blank pages running to the end. My passport is one-third full, then, and I have almost 3 years left on it. But I am a little worried this trip will fill it up. If each of the 10 not-Canada, not-US places consumes one page for the entry stamp and one for the exit, I will not have enough pages. But if they're more like Bulgaria was, I'm fine. Further, if travel from New Zealand to the Cook Islands and from Easter Island to Chile is considered domestic, there may not even be stamping involved for those legs.  It is not possible to add more pages to a Canadian passport. It is not normally permitted to renew less than a year before it expires, though you can request it and you need a good reason. "My passport is full" is a good reason. I don't know if "I have calculated my passport will be close to full" is a good reason or not. Further, I don't intend to spend long enough in any place to allow for the time it would take to renew my full passport and continue along my journey, should it become full along the way.  Bottom line: not just "should I be worried?" but "how can I tell whether to be worried or not?" Some specific subquestions:   is there a way to tell whether a given country uses a 1/4 page standard size stamp, or glues a piece of paper into the passport, and the size of that piece of paper? is there a way to tell in advance which countries use exit stamps? is there a way to tell in advance whether trips between countries that belong to each other are domestic (eg LA to Hawaii will not generate anyone a stamp) or not - thinking of the Cook Islands and Easter Island for me, but generally applicable any specific advice about wildly early renewal of a Canadian passport would also be good  
27225	How do I decide whether to be worried about having enough blank pages in my passport?	I am planning a long trip over a year from now. The tentative itinerary is   Canada USA (maybe LA, maybe Hawaii, doesn't matter, I have Nexus) Australia New Caledonia Vanuatu Fiji Samoa New Zealand Cook Islands Tahiti Easter Island Chile (or possibly back to places we have been before) Canada   I will be traveling on a Canadian passport. All of these countries are (for me) "you can stay 30 days without a visa" or "visa on arrival" except for Australia, which is an electronic visa.   In my past travels, some countries have been pretty good about fitting 4 stamps on a page (eg Bulgaria stamped on the way in and out, but they chose the page that the Netherlands had used for in and out.) However not all have been. Australia put their entry stamp on an otherwise empty page and then found a different empty page for the exit stamp.   I have three blank single pages scattered among the stamped-on pages, and then a stretch of 12 single blank pages running to the end. My passport is one-third full, then, and I have almost 3 years left on it. But I am a little worried this trip will fill it up. If each of the 10 not-Canada, not-US places consumes one page for the entry stamp and one for the exit, I will not have enough pages. But if they're more like Bulgaria was, I'm fine. Further, if travel from New Zealand to the Cook Islands and from Easter Island to Chile is considered domestic, there may not even be stamping involved for those legs.  It is not possible to add more pages to a Canadian passport. It is not normally permitted to renew less than a year before it expires, though you can request it and you need a good reason. "My passport is full" is a good reason. I don't know if "I have calculated my passport will be close to full" is a good reason or not. Further, I don't intend to spend long enough in any place to allow for the time it would take to renew my full passport and continue along my journey, should it become full along the way.  Bottom line: not just "should I be worried?" but "how can I tell whether to be worried or not?" Some specific subquestions:   is there a way to tell whether a given country uses a 1/4 page standard size stamp, or glues a piece of paper into the passport, and the size of that piece of paper? is there a way to tell in advance which countries use exit stamps? is there a way to tell in advance whether trips between countries that belong to each other are domestic (eg LA to Hawaii will not generate anyone a stamp) or not - thinking of the Cook Islands and Easter Island for me, but generally applicable any specific advice about wildly early renewal of a Canadian passport would also be good  
27254	Will one be refused entry on a full passport?	My question was triggered by How do I decide whether to be worried about having enough blank pages in my passport? The question is pretty simple.  What happens at a border when you need an additional stamp, but don't have empty pages, or even no free space left?   For now I can only speculate. Will you be refused entry and sent back (is this the worst that could happen), or is there an alternative solution? Will different countries act differently? 
27274	Is there a website that tells me the quickest way between two London Tube stations?	I understand that the tube map isn't geographically accurate and that there's several examples where walking is quicker than catching the tube, even in non-obvious scenarios.    Is there a website that, when I put in two tube stations, lets me know which is the quickest way between the two of them - walking or tube? 
27281	Customs for two new laptops bought in USA	I was going to take two laptops from USA to India, as I am a computer science student. I generally use both of them for programming. As the law is stated in India, only one laptop is allowed as free allowance, and the other is dutiable good. Logically I am a tourist, as I will be returning to USA in twenty days, as my semester starts soon. So I should not be dutiable.  If the customs officer forces me to pay duties, then how much would it be?  First, both the laptops are $710 each. How is their worth calculated by customs officers (i.e. is the exchange rate considered on the buying day or on the day of travel)?  Second, since one of the laptops is free, does that mean I will be only charged duty for the other laptop?  Finally, I believe there's a minimum allowance while traveling (Rs 35000), so will I have to pay duty on $710 minus Rs 35000 or the entire price? Since that will be like only $710 = Rs 41655 minus Rs 35000 = Rs 6655 (*duty rate), that would not be more than 2K. (Does that mean I could buy a new laptop for my Mom and gift it to her while legally paying the duty? (Since 2k is flimsy.)) (I have no idea what the duty rate is!) 
27298	Where to buy cheap gadgets in Singapore?	In my next trip I have a long layover at Singapore. I'd like to make the most of my time there visiting cheap electronic gadgets shops (mainly chinese products). I've read that there is a building called Sim Lim Square where you can find electronic items, but everything I've read about it's refered to international trademarks (Nikon, Lenovo, Apple...) and (worst) the prices are equal than in Europe. To clarify, I'm looking for items like the ones you can find in webs like AliExpress or BuyInCoins when you search in the "electronics" tab. 
27316	Should I use a lockable suitcase in India?	In some countries, there is the risk that people add illegal drugs to your luggage in an unobserved moment.   One way to prevent that is to use lockable suitcases so that you at least have a proof when your suitcase was opened forcefully.  Normally, I travel with a backpack that has many zippers and I can't lock all of them. When traveling to India, is there any need to use a lockable suitcase instead of my backpack? 
27314	How does flying at high altitude affect the taste of wine?	I can appreciate a wine offered during a flight. It is not uncommon to be offered a selection of wines, but since pressurised cabins affect your taste, does it make sense? Can you assume that your personal preferences on the ground remain the same at high altitude? Is there any research on how your taste changes? 
27237	Which countries allow to work remotely on visitor visas?	Which countries allow to stay ≥6 months on business/tourist visa and telecommute for another country during the stay?  So far I only know one:  Canada (6 months business/tourist visa)  http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/resources/manuals/fw/fw01-eng.pdf  page 28:     Definition of “Work” [R2]   “Work” is defined in the Regulations as an activity for which wages are paid or commission is earned, or that competes directly with activities of Canadian citizens or permanent residents in the Canadian labour market.    page 29:     What kind of activities are not considered to be “work”?   An activity which does not really ‘take away’ from opportunities for Canadians or permanent    residents to gain employment or experience in the workplace is not “work” for the purposes of    the definition.      Please add more. 
27340	Do I need Transit Visa for Zurich (Expired stamped H1b, Valid I-797) travelling to India for stamping	I am an Indian Citizen currently working in USA on H1b visa. I will be travelling from Boston to New Delhi (India) via Zurich. Please help me out with information if I will need a transit visa to go via Zurich or not. I have a 1hr 45mins stopover in Zurich.  I have a valid Indian Passport but my currently stamped H1b visa is expired. I have a valid I-797 which I will use to get a H1b visa stamping in India. I have a confirmed round trip ticket to come back to Boston.  Please let me know if I need a Transit Visa in Zurich based on my situation. 
27344	Japanese destination airports with lower costs? (from US airports)	I didn't find a duplicate, although "ROC to TYO - how can I reduce the cost of my flight?"  was helpful.  My son was accepted into a training program at the south end of Japan. He was advised to fly to Narita (Tokyo) and take a shuttle all the way down there.  I found that flights to Osaka (KIX) are typically cheaper, but I'm not sure of a way to find whether another city is lower still.  All the airports I checked near his destination were much more expensive than Tokyo.  
27349	How big of a backpack should I buy? (Trans-Mongolian)	I'm looking into buying my first ever serious backpack for hiking/large trips. I'm unsure of how large I should go. I currently own a 35 Liter bag, which was great for weekend trips when I was studying in Europe, but I had issues trying to do 10 day trips with it. So what is a good size? 75 Liters, 65 Liters, and 55 Liters seem to be the three most common sizes above 35 Liters. However, I've read a bunch of places that 75 Liters is too large for anything but the longest trips.  My current upcoming trip that is prompting this is the Trans-Mongolian railroad. I'm not doing the entire thing all at once on the train - I plan to stop at varying places, so I don't necessarily need to bring as much with me on the train as someone else might. My guess is I'll be doing it for 4-5 weeks. I know the weather can be a bit unpredictable this time of year, so I'll have a few extra clothing items. I'm sure I'll want to buy some things as well.  Does anyone have any experience with this? Did you do the Trans-Mongolian (or any Trans-Siberian variant) and find your bag to be too small or too large?   Should I get a 75 Liter, 65 Liter or 55 Liter bag? Thanks! 
27355	Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket	I've a friend that booked a round-trip journey. He booked A-to-B and B-to-A. Somehow he needed to be earlier at location B, so he took a train and did not take the flight from A to B.  When he went to the airport to take the "back home" flight (B-to-A), he was informed that his ticket was canceled because he did not take the A-to-B flight. They canceled the ticket and sold it to someone else.  Is this normal? The company said it was their right to do so, and he could not get the flight back. The company was Iberia. 
27374	Bidets aren't really a thing in Western Europe. What can I do as a traveler?	In my home country, using a bidet or a bidet spray is the de facto method to clean yourself after a number two. Many people go for the water-then-paper method, and I'm one of those people. Currently, I live in Finland where bidet sprays are relatively common in households and female bathrooms in bars and restaurants. I'm also lucky to have one in my apartment.  Whenever I travel to a different city or a different country, I end up in the uncomfortable situation where I have to clean using paper only. After that, I spend the whole day worrying about it, and it just feels so damn uncomfortable.  Wet wipes don't cut it, pouring water from bottle is just not as clean, and planning my hotel reservations around that problem is too impractical.  Is there any solution for this? Something like an improvised DIY water jet thing, even a commercial solution would be fine. 
27287	Do I need to pass customs if I enter by swimming over a body of water?	Suppose I'm a long distance swimmer and swim across a large body of water to another country, like from France to England, or from England to the USA. Do I need to pass customs? Do I need the same documents as I would need when entering via an airport or a harbor?  Suppose I don't start on a shore, but on a boat in international waters. Do the same rules apply? 
27204	Redress Number vs. Known Traveler Number	I recently obtained a Global Entry card and on the back is the PASSID number that I understand is also my Known Traveler Number.  When I recently tried to record my KTN with an airlines it asked for both a Redress Control Number and a KTN.  My question is: does one need both to qualify for TSA PreCheck? 
27401	Getting from Schiphol Airport to Rotterdam	I need to get from Schiphol Airport to Rotterdam Central Station. Is there a direct train? How much would a taxi cost? 
27416	Lost passport visa and citizen card in Malaysia	My Nepalese friend has lost his passport, visa, and his citizen card in Malaysia. His flight is in a week, and if he goes to police, they want his permit card, and he doesn't have it. What should he do in this situation?  
27439	Book a return flight a year in advance	Is it possible to buy an airline ticket that has me returning to my country after a year being abroad? I can't seem to book a flight that far in advance online. 
27466	Travelling from Dresden to Delhi via Munich with 45 minutes transit time, is it sufficient?	I am travelling from Dresden to Delhi via Munich (holding Indian passport with Schengen visa) through Lufthansa airlines. The transit time at Munich airport to board Delhi flight is just 45 minutes. Can I cover passport/security/customs check within 45 minutes?  If I am reaching Munich on exact time and due to all the customs and security checks, if I miss my connecting flight to Delhi, whether airlines will arrange the next available flight for me or we need to get it?  
27470	UK Transit Visa Required or Not - Travel to US via a stop in the Schengen zone	I am traveling from Mumbai-Heathrow-Oslo-Heathrow-NewYork-Heathrow-Mumbai on 28th May. I have a valid Schengen Visa and USA visa.   For the Mum-Heathrow-Oslo (staying in Oslo for 10 days) leg I have a stop over for 1 hour 20 minutes and on the same terminal. Just need to change my flight.   As per UK visa rules if your destination or source is USA (which I have since my last destination is USA) then you don't require UK transit visa.  In my case would I require UK transit visa. I don't have time for it since my passport is coming from Norway embassy tomorrow and I have to travel on 28th May. (Sat-Sun falls in between).  Can someone please help me. 
27482	Looking for a place for a 2 week trip to Calgary	I want to visit Calgary next summer and I don't think a hotel room for 2 weeks is the best option, that sounds really expensive...  It is like a living-on-your-own trial that my parents are testing me with, so anywhere with a kitchen and my own private place would be great.  Do such places even exist? ...or do I need stay longer to have such an option? 
27484	Is there an automated way to find tolls on a given US/Canadian driving route?	To my knowledge the only way to estimate the toll for a route, i.e. from Baltimore, Maryland, USA to Guelph, Ontario, Canada, is as follows.   Get the list of highways route info from Google maps. Go to the website of each authority. For each highway, research the entry and exit points from Google map and related them to the authority defined regions. List the tolls from the authority defined regions and sum them up.   I don't want anyone else to do this for me. I can do it by myself. But is there any easier way? Can anyone at least give me a rough estimate like whether it is around $50, $100, $150? Thanks. 
27491	Do I need a transit visa in Frankfurt, Germany on the way to India?	I am travelling from US to India, with an Indian passport but expired F1 visa and going there to get my H1B visa stamping. I have a stop at Frankfurt, Germany for 4 hours while flying to India. Do I need a transit visa for my trip? 
27297	Ideas for versatile clothes in northern India	I will be heading to Ladakh (Leh included) from mid-August to mid-October, but I want to travel with only a 32 liter bag, and obviously I will have to be flexible with my gear due to the difference of temperatures there as well as in the rest of India. I will eventually be passing from other places too.  Any tips on how to choose versatile clothing space-wise? 
27458	Can I be refused exit due to my place of birth?	I was born in Taiwan.    Since then, I have moved to America, obtained US citizenship, and visited Taiwan occasionally in no particular order.  My question is this. I know that men over 18 have to serve mandatory stint in the Taiwanese army.  Since all my past trips to Taiwan when I was younger than 18, now I'm not so sure.   If I go back to Taiwan to visit, with a valid US passport, would I still be prevented from leaving Taiwan due to my old citizenship with Taiwan?  EDIT: Tried editing the title to not be so specific and a bit more general, similar to this 
27485	Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?	In supported regions, Google Maps will tell me how long it will take to drive from A to B in current traffic conditions.  It can also colour-code roads according to traffic conditions for a specific date and time of the week.  However, is it possible to estimate driving time for a specific date and time of the week?  (For a (long) weekend trip, I'm estimating whether it's worth to take the train from Toronto to Barrie and rent a car from there, as opposed to renting a car from Toronto) 
27485	Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?	In supported regions, Google Maps will tell me how long it will take to drive from A to B in current traffic conditions.  It can also colour-code roads according to traffic conditions for a specific date and time of the week.  However, is it possible to estimate driving time for a specific date and time of the week?  (For a (long) weekend trip, I'm estimating whether it's worth to take the train from Toronto to Barrie and rent a car from there, as opposed to renting a car from Toronto) 
27516	Can you rely on local tourist information centres to find accommodation in the summer in the Czech republic?	I have asked a related question on finding accommodation during road-trip in the Czech Republic. One of the given answers suggests to inquire at the local tourist information centres. Given that I will be traveling during the summer holiday, how reliable is it rely on tourist information centres in the Czech Republic? I know that this approach doesn't work in the south of France, where you really need to book ahead. How is this in the Czech Republic (not considering Prague). 
27509	Is there a website or resource that lists what you can do in a given geographical area for free or almost for free?	I keep hearing from people that traveling is expensive. They can't afford, and they would love to do/go whatever/wherever that they saw in TV/Internet, etc. but they can't. Not that it's impossible to travel there, but once there it becomes expensive to "experience everything".  Travelling is certainly not for free, but what I've learned is that most of the really interesting things you can do / experience when you travel can be for free or very cheap. Not to say that when things are paid they're not good, but sometimes they just enter on that positive spiral where they get certainly overrated, overpriced and they don't even deliver a real local experience anymore. They become those "iconic" things on the city/place that everyone "must do" to chat with the friends about, but it's are far from being the best you can do in a place to really experience it.  I know you can look in websites like trip advisor, but those websites are a bit "square" in the way they present the information. I am looking for a more human view on a given place.  So, back to question, is there a resource that given a geographic location, gives the most interesting things you can do for free or nearly for free there? 
27524	Specifying a Eurostar or SNCF frequent traveller number when booking through Loco2?	Following the help given in this Travel.SE answer, I now know the trick for specifying my Eurostar or SNCF frequent traveller number when booking a ticket through the SNCB website. Now, I find myself with the same problem with Loco2  The Loco2 homepage is very good at asking you about any railcards you might have, and offering discounts on them, so it's good in that regard:    Despite that, I can't seem to spot anywhere during the train selection or booking process where I can add a Eurostar Frequent Traveller or SNCF Voyager number. Is it possible to do so, and if so, what's the trick? 
27524	Specifying a Eurostar or SNCF frequent traveller number when booking through Loco2?	Following the help given in this Travel.SE answer, I now know the trick for specifying my Eurostar or SNCF frequent traveller number when booking a ticket through the SNCB website. Now, I find myself with the same problem with Loco2  The Loco2 homepage is very good at asking you about any railcards you might have, and offering discounts on them, so it's good in that regard:    Despite that, I can't seem to spot anywhere during the train selection or booking process where I can add a Eurostar Frequent Traveller or SNCF Voyager number. Is it possible to do so, and if so, what's the trick? 
27527	Will I get into trouble at customs if I take electronic devices for thousands of dollars into India?	I'm going to India and I'm planning to take a couple of electronic devices with me that are worth at least 30'000 USD. I don't have any bills for that. I plan to use these devices there for 10 days and then take them back home. Will I get in trouble at the border in India on my way there or on my way back? 
27532	Do I need Transit Visa to visit London for 4-5 hours during layover?	I am an Indian citizen. I am going to study in Canada with a study-permit. I am planning to have my flight via London. I've a layover there at London for almost 9 hours. Is it wise to visit the city for 4-5 hours during the layover? Additionally do I need a Transit Visa to visit the city? or do I need a General Visitor Visa for this short-trip at London?  Edits: Arriving and departing both the flights are from London Heathrow airport.  DATV suggests that if I am heading to Canada, I don't need DATV. https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa/y/india/transit/no  Visitor in Transit Visa suggests that I can pass border control with this Visa. I may also get a Transit without Visa concession if I satisfy this three:   you arrive and depart by air have a confirmed onward flight which leaves within 24 hours have the right documents for your destination (eg a visa for that country)   And I am also heading to Canada, this also can help me to get this concession.  So, do I need a Visitor in Transit Visa to visit the city? At least website suggests that. However, I'm not sure as no one can tell it with confirmation. Hope someone helps out here. 
27532	Do I need Transit Visa to visit London for 4-5 hours during layover?	I am an Indian citizen. I am going to study in Canada with a study-permit. I am planning to have my flight via London. I've a layover there at London for almost 9 hours. Is it wise to visit the city for 4-5 hours during the layover? Additionally do I need a Transit Visa to visit the city? or do I need a General Visitor Visa for this short-trip at London?  Edits: Arriving and departing both the flights are from London Heathrow airport.  DATV suggests that if I am heading to Canada, I don't need DATV. https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa/y/india/transit/no  Visitor in Transit Visa suggests that I can pass border control with this Visa. I may also get a Transit without Visa concession if I satisfy this three:   you arrive and depart by air have a confirmed onward flight which leaves within 24 hours have the right documents for your destination (eg a visa for that country)   And I am also heading to Canada, this also can help me to get this concession.  So, do I need a Visitor in Transit Visa to visit the city? At least website suggests that. However, I'm not sure as no one can tell it with confirmation. Hope someone helps out here. 
27565	Would travel by bus count as an onward ticket?	I am travelling to America next month, and have not booked a returning flight. I have read online that this is needed otherwise I will not be able to board the plane in the UK.   I will be in the US for 1 month travelling up the west coast and the staying with some friends in Canada for 2 months.  I do not really want to book my return flight to the UK just yet, as I would prefer to book that when I arrive at Vancouver. Once I get to CA I doubt I will be back to the US.  Would a bus ticket from say, Seattle to Vancouver count as an onward ticket out of the US, instead of booking a flight? 
27446	Can I be refused entry due to my place of birth?	Usually entry requirements are based on country of citizenship, but is it at all possible to be denied entry if you were born in a country in conflict with your travel destination ?  This is a specific question that I'm trying to make more general. In my case, I was born in Beirut but am Canadian citizen, always lived here. Not to get into details but technically speaking, Lebanon considers itself at war with Israel, and relations are always tense there. I would really like to visit Israel one day, but I'm wondering if I can be denied entry because my (Canadian) passport says I was born in Lebanon?   I was speaking with an Israeli-Canadian friend and he also thinks that he would never be allowed into Lebanon because he was born in Tel Aviv. 
27585	Is it OK if I take a printout of soft copy for Employment letter and bank letter?	I have learned from the below post that B2 VISA applicants carry originals of  I-134, letter to Consulate, Invitation letter, Employment letter and Bank statement to their visa interview.  Is it a good idea to carry printouts of scanned documents in lieu of original documents to an interview for a B2 visa for USA?  I have applied B2 visa for my parents. And their interview is scheduled in 2 weeks from now. I have sent I-134, Letter to Consulate and invitation letter in post to my parents. I have put request for Employment letter and Bank letter. Due to unexpected delays they are not yet get in my hand. It seems to be they are going to take some more time to get in hand as both bank and my employer has to post to my current address. And then I have post those to my parents in india.   I am thinking worst case. There are good number of chances that the document will not reach before their interview date. Hence my question is  Is it OK to attend B2 visa interview with print outs of soft copy of employment letter and bank letter? 
27586	UK citizen entering UK on US passport	I am travelling to the UK but my UK passport is about to expire and so would like ot enter the UK with my US passport.  How is allowed and legal? 
27620	Can you combine loyalty programs when flying on a multi itinerary flight?	I fly mostly with SAS, and thus I earn points on their EuroBonus loyalty programs. I am soon travelling from Europe to Japan with KLM, and will use their FlyingBlue program, since EuroBonus cannot be used.  However, I noticed that part of the journey is flown by Air Nippon, who are Star Alliance members, just like SAS. Is it possible to somehow earn EuroBonus points on this part of the trip? Or will I earn FlyingBlue points regardless?  If possible, how would one go about doing that? Should I sign up for ANA's loyalty program, and then attempt to transfer the points? (This answer suggests points can not be transferred). Does it matter that I did not order and pay for the tickets personally? 
27625	Policy for checking baggage all the way through international flights	I was wondering if there's a definite policy to allow people with two or more reservations with different airlines to have their luggage sent directly to final destination, without having to recollect and check in at intermediate steps; does it depend on previous agreements between companies, on visa/nationality, etc.?  My case is Edmonton - Montreal (Westjet) and Montreal - Paris (KLM), with 2:05h layover, ITA nationality, but I guess one would like to know if, at least theoretically, just showing all the tickets at first check in is enough to get luggage tagged and shipped correctly. 
26909	Options for a cruise from Helsinki to St Petersburg	As a follow on from the following question:  Do I need a visa if I go with a cruise line to St. Petersburg? What are the different options/what is required to organize a cruise from Helsinki to St Petersburg?  It seems that the main operator is St Peter Line and they have quite a lot of info on the visa free rule.  Its not clear whether I can:   Purchase a return trip and organize my own accommodation in St Petersburg.  Or would I only be allowed to stay on the Ferry? Purchase a cruise package and stay presumably stay on the Ferry (would I be able to stay in St Petersburg with this option?) Purchase one of the few hotel packages which I'm guessing includes the cruise and hotels.   What are the differences between these (in terms of paper work and things I need to organize) if I simply want to visit St Petersburg for 72 hours?  Are there any alternatives?  Update 1  I've found another site which has a nice booking section:  Tour De Force  This seems to imply you have to book a hotel with the tour company.  This company allows you to book a place on the Princess Maria Ferry Boat which is run by St Peter Line anyway.  Update 2  According to the FAQ we need proof of hotel and tour shuttle and officially you are not meant to explore by yourself but stay with the tour bus group        Do I need a Russian Visa?   No, a Russian Visa is not required if:   – Your stay in St. Petersburg is no longer than 72 hours*   – You book a return ferry and a shuttle bus tickets** through Tour de Force   – You carry your passport, ferry and shuttle bus tickets at all times while you are in St. Petersburg   – You are not traveling with a vehicle.   If we arrive without visa do we sleep on the ship while in St. Petersburg, or do we need to book a hotel?   If you stay in St Petersburg overnight you will need to book a hotel as the ship runs between St. Petersburg and Helsinki every day.     
27632	Is there a document that allows me to enter the USA and Canada whenever and for however long I want?	I understand that if you're not a US citizen, you cannot enter the USA without permission and need a visa to enter the country. Similar rules apply to non-Canadian citizens wanting to enter Canada.  Now, suppose I (as a Belgian) want to hike the length of the US-Canadian border with a group of people (from around the world) for charity each year, visiting each Canadian provincial capital and Each US state capital along the way (including Alaska), from the West coast to the East coast. This would mean leaving and entering both countries multiple times over a period of many years. Is there a document that would allow this? Or is the idea itself of a borderlength hike for charity not allowed?  For simplicity, assume that all the people are not on any federal no-entry lists on either country. 
27650	What to do if you need to fly in the Schengen area and lose your ID card?	A friend recently got her ID stolen while she was in the Netherlands. She will soon need to fly to her home country Italy, but she doesn't know what to do.  What can one do in such a situation? As far as I know, since it's Schengen, you don't need an ID card to go through borders. On the other hand, this is air travel, so they always require it for security reasons.   Can she show another document that proves her nationality? A copy of the ID card? Anything? 
27650	What to do if you need to fly in the Schengen area and lose your ID card?	A friend recently got her ID stolen while she was in the Netherlands. She will soon need to fly to her home country Italy, but she doesn't know what to do.  What can one do in such a situation? As far as I know, since it's Schengen, you don't need an ID card to go through borders. On the other hand, this is air travel, so they always require it for security reasons.   Can she show another document that proves her nationality? A copy of the ID card? Anything? 
27657	Hákarl aka Rotten Shark - the ultimate souvenir	One of the delicacy of Iceland is the Hákarl      Hákarl or kæstur hákarl is a food from Iceland consisting of a   Greenland shark or sleeper shark (Somniosus microcephalus) which has   been cured with a particular fermentation process and hung to dry for   four to five months. Hákarl is an acquired taste; it has a very   particular ammonia-rich smell and fishy taste.    There's also an episode of the F Word with Gordon Ramsey and James May giving it a try.       Gordon Ramsey throws up    I don't actually think I'd have the gut to try it but I think it would really be an awesome souvenir to all my friends.  So the question is: is it possible to buy it in a store and bring it back in Italy or it needs to be refrigerated? Are there any law regarding import/export of the Hákarl? 
27672	Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?	I want to travel to Spain however the requirements state that my UK residence permit be valid for 3 months after intended date of departure from the Schengen area. I'll only have 1 month left when I return. The Greek rules just states I need to have a valid Uk residence permit. Could I apply through the Greek consulate but then use the visa to travel to Spain or do I at least need to touch down in Greece?  
27672	Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?	I want to travel to Spain however the requirements state that my UK residence permit be valid for 3 months after intended date of departure from the Schengen area. I'll only have 1 month left when I return. The Greek rules just states I need to have a valid Uk residence permit. Could I apply through the Greek consulate but then use the visa to travel to Spain or do I at least need to touch down in Greece?  
27672	Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?	I want to travel to Spain however the requirements state that my UK residence permit be valid for 3 months after intended date of departure from the Schengen area. I'll only have 1 month left when I return. The Greek rules just states I need to have a valid Uk residence permit. Could I apply through the Greek consulate but then use the visa to travel to Spain or do I at least need to touch down in Greece?  
27672	Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?	I want to travel to Spain however the requirements state that my UK residence permit be valid for 3 months after intended date of departure from the Schengen area. I'll only have 1 month left when I return. The Greek rules just states I need to have a valid Uk residence permit. Could I apply through the Greek consulate but then use the visa to travel to Spain or do I at least need to touch down in Greece?  
27672	Can I travel to Spain using a Greek Schengen visa even if I don't want to stay in Greece at all?	I want to travel to Spain however the requirements state that my UK residence permit be valid for 3 months after intended date of departure from the Schengen area. I'll only have 1 month left when I return. The Greek rules just states I need to have a valid Uk residence permit. Could I apply through the Greek consulate but then use the visa to travel to Spain or do I at least need to touch down in Greece?  
27688	Transit visa for Brussels for Indian citizens	I am travelling from India to NY in coming month.  My flight will halt for about 1 hr at Brussels, for technical checking and passenger on boarding. May I know whether I would require transit Visa-on-arrival at Brussels Airport, if for any unexpected reason passengers are asked to disembark the flight?    I am an Indian citizen.  US Visa type: F1 (Student) 
27692	Can we find some statistics for crime in Japan with tourist / foreign victims?	I've now been to Japan I think seven times in the past fifteen years, for durations between 24 hours and three months.  I had always found Japan matches or exceeds reports of being perhaps the safest country in the world where you can go anywhere any time of day or night and pretty much trust everybody without fear of being a victim of any kind of crime.  Until about a month and a half into my most recent trip when all my money was stolen while I was using an onsen. I hadn't put my valuables in a locker because they weren't free and because of my previous experience and perception of safety in Japan.  This has made me wonder if there are some actual statistics regarding foreigners or tourists being victims of crime in Japan.  I'm interested in any kinds of stats along these lines: Which crimes are most common against tourists? Which prefectures, cities, or parts of cities have higher crime against tourists? Which kinds of places are riskiest? (Are onsens listed?)  Please do not answer with an essay on how safe Japan is and how such things hardly ever happen. I've already said that and I agree. Now I want some raw stats please.    Related but different questions that will only get linked if I don't do it myself first:   Are there high crime areas in Japan that I should avoid? Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan Carrying large amounts of cash in Japan  
27692	Can we find some statistics for crime in Japan with tourist / foreign victims?	I've now been to Japan I think seven times in the past fifteen years, for durations between 24 hours and three months.  I had always found Japan matches or exceeds reports of being perhaps the safest country in the world where you can go anywhere any time of day or night and pretty much trust everybody without fear of being a victim of any kind of crime.  Until about a month and a half into my most recent trip when all my money was stolen while I was using an onsen. I hadn't put my valuables in a locker because they weren't free and because of my previous experience and perception of safety in Japan.  This has made me wonder if there are some actual statistics regarding foreigners or tourists being victims of crime in Japan.  I'm interested in any kinds of stats along these lines: Which crimes are most common against tourists? Which prefectures, cities, or parts of cities have higher crime against tourists? Which kinds of places are riskiest? (Are onsens listed?)  Please do not answer with an essay on how safe Japan is and how such things hardly ever happen. I've already said that and I agree. Now I want some raw stats please.    Related but different questions that will only get linked if I don't do it myself first:   Are there high crime areas in Japan that I should avoid? Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan Carrying large amounts of cash in Japan  
27692	Can we find some statistics for crime in Japan with tourist / foreign victims?	I've now been to Japan I think seven times in the past fifteen years, for durations between 24 hours and three months.  I had always found Japan matches or exceeds reports of being perhaps the safest country in the world where you can go anywhere any time of day or night and pretty much trust everybody without fear of being a victim of any kind of crime.  Until about a month and a half into my most recent trip when all my money was stolen while I was using an onsen. I hadn't put my valuables in a locker because they weren't free and because of my previous experience and perception of safety in Japan.  This has made me wonder if there are some actual statistics regarding foreigners or tourists being victims of crime in Japan.  I'm interested in any kinds of stats along these lines: Which crimes are most common against tourists? Which prefectures, cities, or parts of cities have higher crime against tourists? Which kinds of places are riskiest? (Are onsens listed?)  Please do not answer with an essay on how safe Japan is and how such things hardly ever happen. I've already said that and I agree. Now I want some raw stats please.    Related but different questions that will only get linked if I don't do it myself first:   Are there high crime areas in Japan that I should avoid? Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan Carrying large amounts of cash in Japan  
27714	Travelling from India to Canada: Transit visa in the UK?	I will be traveling from India to Canada via United Kingdom in British Airways flight. The stopover in London is for 6 hours. I will be staying in the airport only. Do I need a transit visa for United Kingdom? 
27729	Is the VIA rail "discounted fare" for certain categories, or can anyone travel on this?	For the VIA rail "discounted fare", is this a simple advance limited-flexibility booking category like for airlines, or is this a fare only available to particular categories such as youth, students, seniors, etc.?  I'm unsure because this answer states it's just a limited-flexibility thing, but its reference is a broken link; on the other hand, this VIA rail page on discounts specifically mentions youths, seniors, and others.    The exact category of the ticket is "upper berth - discounted fare". 
27723	Safety considerations for solo female business traveller in Mexico	I'm heading to León in Mexico next week in a business capacity.   Other than the usual precautions that solo female business travellers normally take (don't go looking for trouble, have an emergency contact, keep an eye on my purse &amp; drink, take only official taxis, etc) do I need to take any other specific risks/scams/dangers into consideration? The UK and US guidance notes for Guanajuato state don't contain specific threats but note that solo female travellers should be 'particularly alert'.  I'm really looking forwards to the trip, but want to be prepared. 
27746	Offline sat nav for Android	I am pretty sure I saw this already on travel SE, but can't find it now. What are my navigation options with Android phone in an area without data connection? (I am in Northumberland)  EDIT: To clarify, I am looking for a turn-by-turn navigation system (mainly for driving). The suggested question is mainly about actual maps without this feature. 
27746	Offline sat nav for Android	I am pretty sure I saw this already on travel SE, but can't find it now. What are my navigation options with Android phone in an area without data connection? (I am in Northumberland)  EDIT: To clarify, I am looking for a turn-by-turn navigation system (mainly for driving). The suggested question is mainly about actual maps without this feature. 
27751	Visa to transit in the US on the way to Canada for Polish citizens?	I am citizen of Poland and I will fly to Canada through US. So, do I need a US visa for my transit journey? 
27793	Do I need a visa for layover at Germany airport?	I got a single-entry Schengen visa. After attending a forum at Germany, I will go to the UK for few days. But I am supposed to take my flight back to my country, Myanmar, from Germany. So I will fly back from London to the German airport to take my flight. Will I still need a visa there although I will not go inside Germany again? 
27796	ESTA - 90-day Visa Waiver for Australian	I am Australian and traveling on an Australian Passport, too.  My current ESTA expires in September 2015  My 90 day VWP will be up at the end of June.  I have spent the whole 90 days in both AZ and OR with friends.    I plan to head to Canada to visit my family again, or to go to Mexico to stay with friends.  (I have been 'on the road' from Australia since Dec 2012)  I would like to then come back to the US for some more travel and visits.  How long do I need to be in either Canada or Mexico before I can come back into the US....for maybe 2 months?    Thank you 
27802	Is re-entry on a tourist visa after being in USA for ESTA for almost 3 months a problem?	I am in the States on ESTA, but I like it here and would like to stay longer and explore more, so I decided to travel to Canada to apply for a B1/2 visa to re-enter for longer period.   MOST IMPORTANTLY : Will my ESTA (visa waiver) period of 90 days still keep counting while I am in Canada, even if I left the US (but not to my residential country, as I am European)? Or will it stop counting on the day I leave the USA?  Could that be a problem, or is it OK and I will probably be granted the tourist visa? Do you know how long it usually takes the Toronto consulate? Is it a problematic spot?   Can I enter straight after the visa is issued, even if it is just a week after I left the USA?   Thanks a lot! 
27839	Can't check-in to a hotel because I am 18	I'm 18 and traveling to the East Coast of the USA. I am staying in Syracuse, NY for 2 days, but can't seem to find a hotel that will let me check in. Are there any hotels in Syracuse with a minimum check in age of 18? I really don't want to end up homeless in Syracuse all weekend. 
27838	As a German citizen on a working holiday visa in Canada, can I get a new visa waiver for the US after returning to Canada for some time?	I am a German citizen currently in Canada on a working holiday visa valid for 12 months from last year's September. My fiancé lives in the US, and I visited him for one week in February and another 2 weeks last month. My visa waiver expired on the day I went back to Canada, but I would very much like to return to the US at least for another 1 or 2 weeks this June before I go back to Germany in July. However, I am not sure if I am eligible for another visa waiver, seeing as I haven't returned to my home country in the meantime – could I be an exception though, considering I have a work permit for Canada?   On a side note, I cannot cross the border without mentioning that I have a fiancé in the US; we crossed the border together last time, and they almost didn't let me in because I hadn't bought a return ticket (yeah, I know, facepalm). This time I'll buy one in advance though; I also have a flight ticket to Germany (which I showed them last time too, but oh well...), and I can give them the number of the attorney who is working on our case to file papers to get a fiancé visa so we can get married next winter. Do I have any chance at all to be allowed to enter again this month? 
27844	Are foreigners allowed to take a police ride-along in the US?	I recently found out about the police ride-along thing, at first I thought it is some fiction in movies. Anyway, are tourists on B1/B2 visas allowed to take that dream ride? 
27774	Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?	I am Iranian and I have Irish visa. I am going to Cork from Tehran. I will have one stop in LHR London Heathrow airport for 7 hours. Do I need any type of visa to stay in airport in London? Could I leave the airport in these 7 hours?  There is another flight that needs changing airport in London (LTN London Luton to LHR London Heathrow). Could I use this flight?  I found some similar questions but I couldn't get the exact answer. 
27860	Booked and boarding station differ; can we board from the booking station?	I have booked a ticked from Kota to Chennai and mention boarding from Ujjain. Can I travel from Kota? Is there any penalty, or do we have to go for a boarding change? 
28885	Transit visa for an adult and infant (MIA-ZRH-FRA-IKA)	My nationality is Iranian; I hold an Iranian passport, but I am living in the United States and have a green card, too. My baby is American, and she has American and Iranian passports.   I have a ticket from Miami to Zurich, then to Frankfurt, and then to Tehran, and will return from Tehran to Frankfurt, and then Frankfurt to Miami.  I want to know do if I need a transit visa or any other visa for this travel or not. My layovers are not more than five hours. 
28891	Car return / relocation services in the USA?	When people rent cars one-way, the car rental company needs to return the car.  In countries such as Sweden, Norway, Australia, New Zealand, those cars are listed online and people can rent the car very cheaply or for free, provided that they move it from A to B within a specified time and don't make big detours.  Is there any such service in the USA? 
27871	Mobile Internet (3G) in UK for some days	At the end of June I will be headed to Cambridge (UK) for a conference. The conference lasts three days. However, I'll stay there for four days.  Is it possible to have a mobile (and preferably cheap!) Internet connection? I know that for instance in Finland you can buy a SIM card for 10€, and this gives you 7 days of (I guess limited) connection. Is there the same possibility up there in Cambridge?  In case there is not any of these possibilities, are there at least restaurants/cafes which offer you free WiFi? My hotel, unfortunately, doesn't.  Thank you so much for your suggestions! 
28898	Transportation to Vilnius	I will arrive to Vilnius Airport (VNO) on Wednesday At 00:30 (after midnight). Do you know the fastest way to go to the old town? 
28922	Are live leeches allowed through TSA checkpoints?	On the most voted answer on What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?, there was a comment about leeches:     Though if you're a doctor of 14th century philosophy, you should probably carry some leeches with you just in case you're called upon to provide medical assistance to a fellow passenger.   While this is obviously a joke comment, it did get some interest in whether live leeches are allowed through flight checkpoints. Since (surprisingly) no one posted this since it was asked in 2011, I thought I'd go ahead and post it.  So, what is the status on live leeches and the TSA? 
28925	No more open returns?	Making enquiries about my coming trip I've been told by two different travel agents that there are no longer open return tickets.  This seems unusual to me. I am certain that people I know have had such tickets in recent years.  Does anyone know the truth of this? Do open returns really no longer exist? Why is this so? 
28926	Can I earn SNCF Voyager points, for a booking made without the membership number?	Having now worked out what the SNCF Voyageur program is, I've gone ahead and joined it, as I've a number of TGV journeys coming up in the coming months.  The slight wrinkle is that most of these TGV tickets have already been purchased, and none of them have my Voyageur membership number on them. (Some were booked before I joined, some were booked after but with sites that don't seem to support entering them).  With Eurostar, if you log into your Frequent Traveller account, then after travel you can enter the ticket details and get the credit for the travel. With most airlines, you can log into your frequent flyer account in advance, and attach your membership details to the booking.  Despite that, try as I might, I can't seem to find how to do one or the other when logged into my SNCF Voyageur account.  Is it possible to credit tickets booked without your SNCF Voyageur membership number, but travelled after joining, to your Voyageur account? And if so, how do you do it? 
28926	Can I earn SNCF Voyager points, for a booking made without the membership number?	Having now worked out what the SNCF Voyageur program is, I've gone ahead and joined it, as I've a number of TGV journeys coming up in the coming months.  The slight wrinkle is that most of these TGV tickets have already been purchased, and none of them have my Voyageur membership number on them. (Some were booked before I joined, some were booked after but with sites that don't seem to support entering them).  With Eurostar, if you log into your Frequent Traveller account, then after travel you can enter the ticket details and get the credit for the travel. With most airlines, you can log into your frequent flyer account in advance, and attach your membership details to the booking.  Despite that, try as I might, I can't seem to find how to do one or the other when logged into my SNCF Voyageur account.  Is it possible to credit tickets booked without your SNCF Voyageur membership number, but travelled after joining, to your Voyageur account? And if so, how do you do it? 
28931	Stealth camping in France	Can I use the French aires to camp overnight? I have a VW Transporter van with a bed, 2 dogs, a camping stove and bottled water and loo bottle. I want to be safe but I don't need the constraints of a true camper van. 
28937	Which consulate should issue me a Schengen visa if I transit through several Schengen states?	I am an Iranian citizen holding a U.S. permanent resident card (Green Card). My itinerary is as follows: Los Angeles – Frankfurt – Vienna – Tehran  Apparently I need a visitor visa due to the fact that I have a "domestic" flight within the Schengen zone (Frankfurt–Vienna). Which consulate should I get my Schengen visa from: Germany or Austria? 
28939	What are some tricks you use to buy cheap airline tickets in the Caribbeans?	I have been searching with Kayak, Google Flights, and Avianca, but I suspect there may be better airlines, offering less expensive local service in the Caribbeans. How would I find these alternative airlines?  This similar question for Europe has been useful; looking for the same for Central America / Caribbeans (in particular, Panama, Belize and Colombia). 
28942	Schengen visa issuing country and first entry state	I have schengen visa issued by French embassy and my longer stay would also be in the same country. My first stay would also be at Paris. However, as per my flight, I will break the journey at Frankfurt, Germany and have to go for immigration before taking connecting flight to Paris in next two hours. Will it have any problem at immigration at Frankfurt? 
28942	Schengen visa issuing country and first entry state	I have schengen visa issued by French embassy and my longer stay would also be in the same country. My first stay would also be at Paris. However, as per my flight, I will break the journey at Frankfurt, Germany and have to go for immigration before taking connecting flight to Paris in next two hours. Will it have any problem at immigration at Frankfurt? 
28942	Schengen visa issuing country and first entry state	I have schengen visa issued by French embassy and my longer stay would also be in the same country. My first stay would also be at Paris. However, as per my flight, I will break the journey at Frankfurt, Germany and have to go for immigration before taking connecting flight to Paris in next two hours. Will it have any problem at immigration at Frankfurt? 
28942	Schengen visa issuing country and first entry state	I have schengen visa issued by French embassy and my longer stay would also be in the same country. My first stay would also be at Paris. However, as per my flight, I will break the journey at Frankfurt, Germany and have to go for immigration before taking connecting flight to Paris in next two hours. Will it have any problem at immigration at Frankfurt? 
28990	Can I have two Schengen visas in one passport?	I will have to visit Europe twice for five months in total. I am Thai and will need a visa. The maximum stay in europe is 90 days, otherwise you have to apply for a long term stay according to my research. However, it will be complicated and time consuming.  This is my travel plan:   Aug - Sep: Munich Sep - Nov: France (I have to complete a short course in Paris which is not more than 90 days) Nov - Dec: Munich again    I am aware that I need to leave and re-enter the country when the duration reaches 90 days. Can I apply for a tourist visa in Germany's embassy for 90 days that's valid in six months and a second visa from France for 90 days. In between these trips, I will leave the continent to Russia or Turkey where a visa is not required and re-enter again.  Therefore I need two Schengen visas but is it possible to have two Schengen visas in one passport? 
28989	Do I need a Direct Air Transit Visa or Visitor in Transit Visa for the UK?	I am traveling from the United States to India via British Airways with a 4 hour layover in London. My current H1-B visa has expired, but I have the approval for my extension  (I-797) and I plan to get the visa stamped in India.   Do I need a Direct Air Transit Visa (DATV) or a Visitor in Transit Visa. Is there a list for the detailed procedure to apply for the relevant Visa. Can I give and collect the passport in person from the consulate?  
28991	How to leave the Philippines by boat to Taiwan, China or Hong Kong	We are now trying to do a world tour without flying, and after a bit more than two year we are facing one of the biggest challenges of our journey, crossing the Pacific.   We know there are few opportunities to get freighter to the US from HK or several cities of China.   As we are currently in the Philippines, the challenge is now to reach HK or China, the latest can easily be done from Taiwan.   So the question is any idea (best harbour to look for info, shipping companies name, unexpected new ferry company..) or contact that may help to go from the Philippines to one of the place stated before?  I know a very similar question was already asked, but it was unclear if the asker managed to reach Taiwan or not. 
29002	transit visa in Japan for Russian citizen	I have a stopover in Tokyo, Japan on my way from Bali to Canada. Do I need transit visa if I am a Russian citizen? 
29007	Do I have to claim and re-check in my baggage in international transit when traveling with the same airline?	I'll be traveling to Memphis, Tennessee form New Delhi, India via Qatar Airways.  The itinerary would be: New Delhi &lt;-- Doha || Doha &lt;-- Chicago || Chicago &lt;-- Memphis  Would I be required to claim and re-check my baggage at Chicago even though all the flights were booked with Qatar Airways or can I check it in all the way from New Delhi to Memphis without re-checking in the baggage again? 
29014	Why did I receive a Schengen visa valid for only 15 days during a one month period instead of 30 days within a 3 month period?	I am traveling to France from England for a duration of 5 days, however, three weeks later I travel to Budapest and other countries as part of a tour and require a valid Schengen visa as I hold a South African passport. What should I do? I have not yet used the Schengen visa valid for only 15 days, therefore should I cancel it and reapply? I cannot wait until the visa expires as it expires on the day I intend on traveling to Budapest.  
29025	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	I am a Chinese passport holder currently living in the Netherlands with a Dutch residence permit.  I will fly from Amsterdam to London, and immediately transit from there to Hong Kong.  Lugguage would be checked through directly to Hong Kong.  According to the website, I need to apply for a UK direct transit visa.  However, I am currently holding a UK visitor visa, valid for 6 months and for multiple entry. Do I still need to apply for a separate transit visa to get on board in Amsterdam? 
29027	Stolen passport in USA, foreign national needs to fly domestic	To begin with, I am aware that various iterations of this question have been asked, so I will be specific to my case since I feel there may be some differences.  I am on a temporary Visa in the United states, My Passport was stolen when someone broke into my car. Fortunately I am carrying my original Driving License issued in India. I have my work ID, and can print my bank statements out.  I have reported the case with the Police, have a copy of the report, have spoken to my consulate. They will issue a one time travel permit to me ONLY one month before the date of travel ONLY when I show them my ticket. I am set to depart 50 days from now so that doesnt help in getting an ID. So for the time being I do not have an ID on me issues by the consulate, nor my VISA. I have scanned color print outs of passport and VISA, my date of arrival and the date of VISA expiry.  Am I expected to face any issues if I am to board a flight to travel domestically? I am here on a business trip and need to travel within the United states.   I have spoken to the TSA, one of the people I spoke to was positive that I can go through.  However the reason I write this is the second person: She was equally sure that I will not be let through unless I have a piece of paper signed by my consulate with a photo on it.  Any help on this? I dont want some thief to effect my plans here, which I made months ago, and have considerable interests in!! 
29052	Schengen Visa issued by Austrian embassy, can my first visit be Germany?	My boss got the schengen visa from Austrain embassy but he wants to go to Germany first. So just wanna ask if it's okay? Would he get any difficulties doing that? 
29064	Schengen visa to France and Sweden	I'm a non-EU student in the UK for almost a year. I plan to apply for Schengen visa to France- Sweden this August. This is my first time applying for the visa so I have some concerns if you could help me, it's much appreciated.   Should I apply for a single or multi-entry visa? If I apply for a multi-entry visa, after my UK-France-Sweden-UK trip, will I be able to use the current visa to later go to other Schengen countries (maybe in September) or I can re-visit only France and Sweden?  
13524	Preventing sea sickness?	I come from a land locked place (in Canada) where there are no oceans around and just lakes. Whenever I go on a boat in a lake in Canada, I never get seasick and I feel fine. Sometimes when I come to a place like Mexico and I go out on the ocean, I get sea sick easily while others feel fine. I was wondering if getting sea sick can be caused by not being used to being out on the ocean where the waters rougher? This might be a little off topic but does the ocean have seasons for when the waters are calmer and are there places in the ocean that are calmer then others (Is it better to go farther out? Are you better to stay off the oceans and instead go on a gulf/sea where possible?)  
29041	Rail travel from Turkey through Georgia to Russia	Can I travel by rail from Turkey through Georgia to Russia ? 
29095	Using a return ticket as a one way ticket to Mexico from the UK?	My boyfriend will buy two return tickets in Mexico to travel to the UK. One for him to travel to the UK and back to Mexico, and one for me (I am already in the UK) to travel to Mexico. Is it possible for me to use the return ticket that he buys me as a one way, or am I not allowed to do that because I haven't actually come from Mexico to the UK and back to Mexico again?  Am I able to travel to Mexico from the UK (on the return ticket that my boyfriend bought for me, using it as a one way ticket) if I haven't actually flown from Mexico on it? 
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29097	I am a UK state pensioner (dual citizenship) now living in Canada returning for a 3 week visit to UK - will NHS cover me?	I am a UK state pensioner living in canada with Dual citizenship. will the NHS cover me during my 3 week trip to the UK starting 22 June? I will travel with my Canadian passport 
29101	Where to meet another traveller at Heathrow T5	I am going to arrive at London Heathrow Terminal 1, a friend of mine is going to land on a different flight at T3 slightly earlier, and then we are flying out together on a connecting flight from T5.     Could you suggest me a good place for us to meet at the airport?   My guess would be somewhere at the entrance of T5, but I am not familiar with the airport.   Is there a good place to meet at T5, such as the entrance or a designated meeting point? Is there an additional security control for travellers on connecting flights leaving at T5? Is it before or after the meeting point?  
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29102	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?	I hold an Indian passport.  I'm travelling to Romania with a valid visa. I have a 5 hour layover at Munich international airport and 3 hour layover at Frankfurt international airport on the way back from Romania.  All the flights are of the same airline. Everywhere on the internet it says I need an airport transit visa.  However I met a person who said he didn't get a transit visa and still successfully went to Romania and back. 
29121	Why are USA to Europe round-trip airfares more expensive than Europe to USA round-trip airfares?	I travel to Milan about three times a year from San Francisco.  I have never understood why the round trip flights are almost double if you originate in the US?  For example, Milan-SFO-Milan in June is US$ 1,003.  But SFO-Milan-SFO is US$ 1,956.  It almost makes sense to purchase a SFO-Milan-SFO ticket and not use the return part.  Then I would buy tickets Milan-SFO-Milan, right?  And save lots of money.    So why is there such a discrepancy in pricing depending what is the originating country? 
29141	Stay Awake or Sleep to Minimize Jetlag?	There was a lot of information on the How can I avoid or minimize jet lag? post, so I thought I'd ask something more specific here.   I will be travelling from South Korea to the east coast of the US. I want to be productive and energetic when I get there. Would it be better to sleep as much as possible during the trip or stay awake for some portions to match my target time zone? The long haul flight is from 6:00pm (Korea time) to 4:15pm (EST), so I'll be flying most of it during target timezone's daylight. I'm torn between getting as much rest as possible or matching the timezone.  Also, in terms of light therapy, what would be best for this situation?  
29152	Will I get my tickets confirmed?	I have to travel in 1213 Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani Express on 24-06-14. I have booked tickets in 2nd AC from Asansol Junction to New Delhi but its waiting ticket.  WL 6 WL 7 WL 8 WL 9 
29161	Newark Airport (EWR) to Manhattan - Air Train suspended	I'm going to NY in June 2014 while AirTrain will be suspended due to repair work. Is there still any not-depending-on-traffic way to go to Penn Station, NewYork?  AirTrain Newark Service Suspension 
29161	Newark Airport (EWR) to Manhattan - Air Train suspended	I'm going to NY in June 2014 while AirTrain will be suspended due to repair work. Is there still any not-depending-on-traffic way to go to Penn Station, NewYork?  AirTrain Newark Service Suspension 
29153	Schengen Visa application while my UAE residence visa will expire before 3 months from the day of departure from the Schengen area	I am a Indian passport holder who is currently living in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).   I am planning for our honeymoon (August 28 – September 14) with the family in Europe – Austria, Italy, and Spain. However, I came to know from the consulate websites that the documents required for an expatriate UAE residents, the residence permit should be valid for at least 3 months from the day of departure from the Schengen area. Since my residence visa would expire on December 8 (meaning I have a only 84 days!), I am planning to show a return ticket from Italy 6 days before my actually intended date of return.  My question is: can I apply for a 30 days visa even if the trip is only for 10 days? If so, would the visa's validity be a problem? 
30164	Transit via Romania into Schengen	Four of my friends and I (all Indian nationals) will be traveling to Paris from Dubai. Our tickets are both ways, i.e. departing and return transit via Bucharest (Wizz Air) with an average transit time of over 8 hrs.  After booking and payment, we just realized that Wizz Air does not facilitate transit of any passengers or baggage. The airline has informed us that we have to exit immigration and customs each time in order to check in for the new flight.  I wanted to check if anyone has experienced this situation. All of us hold single entry Schengen visas issued by France for a 1 month stay in the Schengen territory. We will spend 2 weeks in all in France.  Do I need to apply for a Romanian visa for the 8 hr transits both onwards and return? Is showing a Schengen visa enough? If my Schengen visa gets used up on my way back to Dubai, will I still be allowed to enter Romania to check in to the next flight? I hate Wizz Air. I cannot cancel, as they don't refund. 
29162	Which is the cheapest way of travelling between Cologne and Maastricht by public transport?	I am looking for the cheapest way to travel between cologne and Maastricht.  There are so many options/special tickets, that I allways feel there is probably something I am missing. It's an art to master all these options.  In the Euregio there is the Euregio Ticket that allows unlimited travel in the eueregio region for one day. In Germany there is the SchönerTagTicket Nordrhein-Westfalen.  If you buy tickets in advance in german train you also get a discount...  Does any one know what's the best option? am I forgettting some obscure option that makes life cheaper and easier?  What's the way of travelling the cheapest, by public transport, between Cologne and Maastricht? 
30188	Are there any restaurants serving real chinese food in Benelux?	I read this question "Where can I eat dishes that feature in western countries&#39; Chinese restaurants?" and I got very curious. I always apreciated authentic Chinese food very much and I (sort of) knew that the dishes served in Ocident are, let's say, a striped down or adapted version, to serve better our tastes. I was not expecting it to be so radical though. (I am starting to wonder how sushi really tastes in Japan, or if they even have it like us).  Can I actually eat real asian food in a restaurant either in Benelux? If yes, are there any guides or resources that will allow me to easily find them? 
30164	Transit via Romania into Schengen	Four of my friends and I (all Indian nationals) will be traveling to Paris from Dubai. Our tickets are both ways, i.e. departing and return transit via Bucharest (Wizz Air) with an average transit time of over 8 hrs.  After booking and payment, we just realized that Wizz Air does not facilitate transit of any passengers or baggage. The airline has informed us that we have to exit immigration and customs each time in order to check in for the new flight.  I wanted to check if anyone has experienced this situation. All of us hold single entry Schengen visas issued by France for a 1 month stay in the Schengen territory. We will spend 2 weeks in all in France.  Do I need to apply for a Romanian visa for the 8 hr transits both onwards and return? Is showing a Schengen visa enough? If my Schengen visa gets used up on my way back to Dubai, will I still be allowed to enter Romania to check in to the next flight? I hate Wizz Air. I cannot cancel, as they don't refund. 
30192	Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as an Indian going to the Cayman Islands?	I am traveling from the GRAND CAYMAN ISLAND to India via London Heathrow. I'm an Indian national and have a valid GRAND CAYMAN WORK-PERMIT visa.    The Cayman Islands are a British Overseas Territory.   Do I need a transit visa to stay airside? 
30197	Transit visa requirements while traveling from US to India with stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt	I'm an Indian passport holder traveling from US to India with transit stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt (my flight is ORD–LHR–FRA–BLR). I have a valid US H1 visa, and my transits in both London and Frankfurt are less than 3 hours in duration.  Based on the above description, do you know if I would need a transit visa in either London or Frankfurt? 
30197	Transit visa requirements while traveling from US to India with stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt	I'm an Indian passport holder traveling from US to India with transit stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt (my flight is ORD–LHR–FRA–BLR). I have a valid US H1 visa, and my transits in both London and Frankfurt are less than 3 hours in duration.  Based on the above description, do you know if I would need a transit visa in either London or Frankfurt? 
30197	Transit visa requirements while traveling from US to India with stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt	I'm an Indian passport holder traveling from US to India with transit stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt (my flight is ORD–LHR–FRA–BLR). I have a valid US H1 visa, and my transits in both London and Frankfurt are less than 3 hours in duration.  Based on the above description, do you know if I would need a transit visa in either London or Frankfurt? 
30166	Compensation for a flight going somewhere else	I bought recently a flight let say from A to C via B ( A - B - C).   The places A &amp; C are inside Europe but the company offering the flights is not European (as well the B intermediate destination). I bought the flights around 1 month before departure and after two weeks they said they cannot flight to C and then they change the flight to D (another country but around 150 km from C). Finally we agreed for another flight to E (but same country like C) but I had to pay the flight from E to C.   My question is: is it normal a company to sell tickets for destination they cannot reach and shouldn't their responsibility to pay the difference in order to keep the initial contract (I mean, I think they should pay me the extra flight from E to C or paying for a taxi or bus from D to C).  Update:  Cancellation, Changes Of Schedule, Etc...  If due to circumstances beyond its control Carrier cancels or delays a flight, is unable to provide previously confirmed space, fails to stop at a passenger's stopover or destination point, or causes the passenger to miss a connecting flight on which the passenger holds a reservation, Carrier shall either:   carry the passenger on another of its scheduled passenger services on which space is available; or reroute the passenger to the destination indicated on the ticket or aplicable portion thereof by its own scheduled services of another carrier, or by means of surface transportation. If the sum of the fare, excess baggage charge and any applicable service charge for the revised routing is higher than the refund value of the ticket or applicable portion thereof, Carrier shall require no additional fare or charge from the passenger, and shall refund the difference if the fares and charges for the revised routing are lower; or make a refund accordance with the provisions of Article xx;    It is not clear to me if the second point can be an option if we decided the alternatives by ourselves (the carrier was not able to offer any other means (e.g trains, bus or another flight from another company) 
30247	Internet access at Dubai airport?	I'll soon be transiting twice through Dubai Airport Terminal 3 and would like to make a quick Skype video call back home while there.  What are my options, free or paid?  I'm open to wifi, Internet kiosks, local SIM, anything that gets the job done and doesn't cost an arm and a leg (read: roaming mobile data).  The always useless official DXB website claims "reliable and fast" free wifi, but the last time I passed through (Dec 2012) it was flakier than a Kelloggs factory, to the point of being impossible to even send an email, much less stream live video.  Personal recent experience of it being usable at DXB peak hours (middle of the night) would be welcome though! 
30264	Do I need a transit visa despite having a Schengen visa?	I am an Indian citizen living in the US. I am going back to India to get a H1B visa stamped. I have established that I would require an airport transit visa when I have a stopover in Germany. On the way to India, I plan to visit a friend in Switzerland for a couple of days. For this, I will be applying for a Schengen tourist visa. My itinerary stops in Frankfurt both on the way to Zurich, Switzerland. Would I still require an airport transit visa despite having a Schengen visa? 
30264	Do I need a transit visa despite having a Schengen visa?	I am an Indian citizen living in the US. I am going back to India to get a H1B visa stamped. I have established that I would require an airport transit visa when I have a stopover in Germany. On the way to India, I plan to visit a friend in Switzerland for a couple of days. For this, I will be applying for a Schengen tourist visa. My itinerary stops in Frankfurt both on the way to Zurich, Switzerland. Would I still require an airport transit visa despite having a Schengen visa? 
30277	American Booking India Train Tickets Through Travel Agency or Hotel	I'm trying to book train tickets in India. I initially tried doing this through makemytrip.com, but I needed to have an IRCTC account. I've read before that foreigners could make an account, but now, for whatever reason, you need an Indian cel phone number and address (which I don't have).  I realize there was a similar question on this topic, but the marked answer links to a website with several solutions, all of which seem pretty convoluted and time-consuming.   I would like to imagine there's some easier way of doing this. I would specifically like to know:    Are there any American travel agencies that I could go through that will just book the rail tickets? I've contacted that Australian company mentioned in the Seat61 website, but they haven't gotten back to us. If we just got into India, could our hotel make a train reservation for us? If so, how many days in advance would you need to book it (I'm going in July)?  
30280	Dual US/UK citizen. Will this show when my UK passport is scanned in America?	I have dual US and UK citizenship, but the US citizenship has only just been realized (wasn't aware I had claim to US citizenship earlier).  Unfortunately I haven't received my US passport yet. Can I still travel to the US only using my UK passport?  I understand that the US does require citizens to travel on a US passport, but would they even know that I am a dual citizen if I've only ever traveled on my UK passport? (Especially considering that my US passport has never been used before in any form - as I haven't received it).  If I was only entering the US for a small trip,  would it show on the screen that I also have US citizenship when they scan my UK passport? 
30260	Cost of eating in San Francisco	My fiance and I are planning to fly out to San Francisco in September for our honeymoon.  This will be our first cross-continental trip together as a couple, so I want things to go well and for no moajor financial problems to crop up.   The problem is, I have no idea what the cost of eating at resturaunts is like out there, in particular in the San Francisco area.   What is the approximate cost of eating in the San Francisco area as a traveller?   
30300	How to book this complex multi carrier roundtrip flight I found on ITA?	I am trying to book a roundtrip ticket from Chicago O'hare (ORD) to Mumbai, India (BOM). Traveling on Aug 9th and returning on Aug 24th. Now, I've been looking for several days (almost 10days!) for ways to book this itinerary I found on ITA. All other websites like Expedia, Kayak, Travelocity, Momondo, RouteHappy, and even google flights are quoting around $1200 roundtrip cost, sometimes as low as $1150. But the ITA Matrix website shows me several options, the lowest is $916 roundtrip.      You can see there are several flights in the $900 range.     For the return trip there is only one option to get the low price.  Selecting the flights this is what I get:      I'm not sure how to use the fare codes the ITA website provides to purchase this itinerary.  These are some of the things I have tried to book the complex multi-carrier flight from ITA:  My first method was to try coding into HIPMUNK, using the multi-city option, my departure, connections, airlines flights number and dates. Following this method: http://maphappy.org/2013/10/book-google-ita-matrix-flights-using-hipmunk/    And the results page:    Here's what my code into HIPMUNK looks like:  ORD::LH9151 FRA LH756 for the first journey and   BOM::LX155 ZRH SN5104 BRU SN8803 for the return trip.  Don't think I'm making any mistakes in coding it, but there are two adjustments I also made which failed:   I used the dates of the first leg of the flight then tried using the other dates as well. So for example Aug 9th and Aug 10th. I used the codes for the operating carriers and when it didn't work, the marketing carrier leaving the flight number unchanged.   This always returned no results. Breaking up the itinerary to just the oneway from ORD to BOM worked but gave me a price of $624. For some reason the second return trip was creating problems. I tried breaking he return trip down into different segments but no luck. Anyone knows why the return trip is creating difficulties? Coding issues/ hipmunk doesn't have such a large database?   Then I tried method 2: Calling up the airlines  United was able to find all the segments, even price it correctly sometimes (sometimes not) and gave me a confirmation number. I was to call them in 12hrs to check if they were able to procure the seats but when I did call they were not able to get the seats for the SWISS flight from BOM to ZRH and/or from ZRH to BRU. I've tried this at least 5 times changing small things everytime, but the same result. It seems Lufthansa waits for SWISS to confirm the seats but SWISS doesn't respond in time and I'm not able to book.  I tried calling Lufthansa but they were not even able to find the segments and instead told me to look at booking online where I will be able to find it cheaper.  Any insights into the methods that failed or suggestions on how to book this itinerary at the $900 price will be much appreciated. Thanks in advance. 
30300	How to book this complex multi carrier roundtrip flight I found on ITA?	I am trying to book a roundtrip ticket from Chicago O'hare (ORD) to Mumbai, India (BOM). Traveling on Aug 9th and returning on Aug 24th. Now, I've been looking for several days (almost 10days!) for ways to book this itinerary I found on ITA. All other websites like Expedia, Kayak, Travelocity, Momondo, RouteHappy, and even google flights are quoting around $1200 roundtrip cost, sometimes as low as $1150. But the ITA Matrix website shows me several options, the lowest is $916 roundtrip.      You can see there are several flights in the $900 range.     For the return trip there is only one option to get the low price.  Selecting the flights this is what I get:      I'm not sure how to use the fare codes the ITA website provides to purchase this itinerary.  These are some of the things I have tried to book the complex multi-carrier flight from ITA:  My first method was to try coding into HIPMUNK, using the multi-city option, my departure, connections, airlines flights number and dates. Following this method: http://maphappy.org/2013/10/book-google-ita-matrix-flights-using-hipmunk/    And the results page:    Here's what my code into HIPMUNK looks like:  ORD::LH9151 FRA LH756 for the first journey and   BOM::LX155 ZRH SN5104 BRU SN8803 for the return trip.  Don't think I'm making any mistakes in coding it, but there are two adjustments I also made which failed:   I used the dates of the first leg of the flight then tried using the other dates as well. So for example Aug 9th and Aug 10th. I used the codes for the operating carriers and when it didn't work, the marketing carrier leaving the flight number unchanged.   This always returned no results. Breaking up the itinerary to just the oneway from ORD to BOM worked but gave me a price of $624. For some reason the second return trip was creating problems. I tried breaking he return trip down into different segments but no luck. Anyone knows why the return trip is creating difficulties? Coding issues/ hipmunk doesn't have such a large database?   Then I tried method 2: Calling up the airlines  United was able to find all the segments, even price it correctly sometimes (sometimes not) and gave me a confirmation number. I was to call them in 12hrs to check if they were able to procure the seats but when I did call they were not able to get the seats for the SWISS flight from BOM to ZRH and/or from ZRH to BRU. I've tried this at least 5 times changing small things everytime, but the same result. It seems Lufthansa waits for SWISS to confirm the seats but SWISS doesn't respond in time and I'm not able to book.  I tried calling Lufthansa but they were not even able to find the segments and instead told me to look at booking online where I will be able to find it cheaper.  Any insights into the methods that failed or suggestions on how to book this itinerary at the $900 price will be much appreciated. Thanks in advance. 
30316	Transporting an airsoft gun from the US to Israel	There was a question about traveling with a gun:  Can Somebody travel with their gun internationally?  What procedures, if any, does one need to follow to bring an airsoft gun from the US into Israel on an airplane?  P.S. It will be transported in the checked luggage if at all. 
30314	Refused visit a friend visa for Belgium	I applied for a visa to visit a friend in Belgium last April 28, 2014 and I got the result recently (June 6, 2014) wherein it has been refused.  Reasons were:   The plan and the circumstances from the intend stay are insufficient. Resolve to leave country before end of visa couldn't be determined. No med-travel insurance.   I'm a Filipino citizen and applied from Manila. My boyfriend is sponsoring me. We were confident that I should be able to get the visa, because we both know that we have completed and submitted all the requirements that are needed for the visa. I wanted to appeal the refusal of my visa.  What are my options? I haven't yet received the official result of my refusal and will be going to the Belgium Embassy in Manila as per the schedule they have given me.  What sort of letter can I do to assist my situation? 
30314	Refused visit a friend visa for Belgium	I applied for a visa to visit a friend in Belgium last April 28, 2014 and I got the result recently (June 6, 2014) wherein it has been refused.  Reasons were:   The plan and the circumstances from the intend stay are insufficient. Resolve to leave country before end of visa couldn't be determined. No med-travel insurance.   I'm a Filipino citizen and applied from Manila. My boyfriend is sponsoring me. We were confident that I should be able to get the visa, because we both know that we have completed and submitted all the requirements that are needed for the visa. I wanted to appeal the refusal of my visa.  What are my options? I haven't yet received the official result of my refusal and will be going to the Belgium Embassy in Manila as per the schedule they have given me.  What sort of letter can I do to assist my situation? 
30322	Transit visa reqd for Heathrow? going to USA	I am going on 6th Aug to Gainesville, FLorida, USA. My flight itinerary is as follows: Mumbai to Heathrow - Jet Airways, Heathrow to Miami - American and Miami to Gainesville - American. Transit time at Heathrow is 3 hours. I will be arriving at Terminal 4 and will be departing at Terminal 3. Since Jet and American have a codeshare I guess my baggage will continue checked in and i dont think I have to recheck it. I have a valid F1 visa. Do I need a transit visa? PLs help. 
30332	Schengen travel: entering Germany from Ibiza?	I have a single entry visa and I am travelling to two places in the Schengen area. I am travelling from London to Ibiza to Germany and back to London. Am I allowed to enter Germany directly from Ibiza or not on a single entry visa ? 
25367	Round trip vs two one-way tickets?	Is there any substantial disadvantage to booking two one-way tickets, versus a round trip ticket?  Booking vacation travel with family of four for winter, from Northeast US to Mexico.  Round trip is pricy and no preferred travel times.  Two one ways is slightly cheaper with much preferred timing.      Different airlines there and back, both reputable national US carriers. 
30350	Dealing with money for a trip to Poland and Slovakia	I'm going to be traveling to Poland/Slovakia and perhaps Germany/Austria for 11 days In a couple of weeks, and am not sure how I should deal with money, as Poland does not use the Euro, but the other places we will be visiting do. Is there a solution that will work in both Poland and other countries that use the Euro? I'd prefer to only have to deal with one type of currency! Do places in Poland accept Euros? Would places in Slovakia accept Polish currency?  Should I buy a Visa prepaid credit card (which I assume would be chip and pin) while I am over there? Would that work in Poland and also places that use the Euro? Or would it be easier to just take out cash from an ATM and use that? Or just deal with my American debit card?  I'm mostly concerned about polish currency in Poland, and dealing with euros everywhere else.   How would I best go about this? 
30358	Canadian minors travelling to Poland with grandmother. What additional documentation is required?	My two minor children (both 8 y.o.) are traveling from Toronto to Warsaw for three weeks this summer.  My wife and I are married and living together with the children.  Besides passports, what additional documentation or letters are needed to make the trip hassle free? 
30359	Can I leave to Barbados and return back to the USA for 90 days?	I am currently in the USA from the UK under the Visa Waiver Program. I am planning on going to Barbados in the time where my 90 days expire. Once I have left Barbados, can I return to the usa and have another 90 days stay? 
30359	Can I leave to Barbados and return back to the USA for 90 days?	I am currently in the USA from the UK under the Visa Waiver Program. I am planning on going to Barbados in the time where my 90 days expire. Once I have left Barbados, can I return to the usa and have another 90 days stay? 
30372	Layover at Dusseldorf and Frankfurt, category A or B visa?	I am a Indian citizen in the United States on a F-1 visa.  For the summer break, I am traveling (round-trip) from Chicago to New Delhi via Dusseldorf-Frankfurt by Lufthansa airlines. My onward Journey would be on July - 8 and return Journey on Aug - 11.  My layover will be of 1 hour 10 mins in Frankfurt and 3 hours in Dusseldorf.  I would like to know if I require Category A or Category B Visa. If not, what type of visa do I require for the Schengen visa for my transit. How I can apply for the same?  I tried to find slots in German consulate but all slots are full before my departure date. If I don't get the Schengen visa, I cannot travel and will loose all the fare (since my ticket is a non-refundable ticket). Is there any other way I can tackle this situation. 
30372	Layover at Dusseldorf and Frankfurt, category A or B visa?	I am a Indian citizen in the United States on a F-1 visa.  For the summer break, I am traveling (round-trip) from Chicago to New Delhi via Dusseldorf-Frankfurt by Lufthansa airlines. My onward Journey would be on July - 8 and return Journey on Aug - 11.  My layover will be of 1 hour 10 mins in Frankfurt and 3 hours in Dusseldorf.  I would like to know if I require Category A or Category B Visa. If not, what type of visa do I require for the Schengen visa for my transit. How I can apply for the same?  I tried to find slots in German consulate but all slots are full before my departure date. If I don't get the Schengen visa, I cannot travel and will loose all the fare (since my ticket is a non-refundable ticket). Is there any other way I can tackle this situation. 
30375	Legality of carrying spent ammunition	Recently I was visiting my grandfather and we went gun shooting, I shot a barret .50 caliber rifle and some other automatics and were able to keep a few of the casings as a keepsake. Is it legal to fly home with it in a carryon or must I put it in a bag on the top of my luggage? 
30392	Entering US via car/land border on 90 day ESTA, exiting after 90 days via air/plane, re-entering via land to begin another 90 days	We bought a van in Canada to roadtrip the US for 6 months. We are planning on two 90 day stints in the US so as to comply with the ESTA requirements. It is looking more likely it will be easier to fly Mexico rather than re-enter Canada via land. Will customs have an issue with us leaving and re-entering the US via air if we originally entered via land border? We have done the west coast and want to now travel the East coast. Thanks. 
30389	Overstayed on Visa Waiver Program and I am planning another holiday?	I went on the Visa Waiver Program to Chicago 3 years ago, I ended up over staying by 2 days. I am now going back for a week long holiday and I am just wondering what I need this time to allow me into country with no hassle? I am travelling from Ireland. 
30456	Can I use an Emergency Passport as proof of identification within Schengen before travelling back to the UK?	I am a British national living in Spain and my passport is either lost or stolen. I noticed this two days ago when I was intending to take a trip to Salzburg. As it happens, I managed to travel using my UK Driver's Licence. I think a severe mistake was made, as was pointed out to me in Austria, but as they were Schengen Countries, apparently all that is needed is a proof of identity, not a 'travel document'.  My question, therefore, is this. I have business trips over the next three weeks taking me from Spain to Germany, Czech Republic, Austria, and Italy, then back to Germany, and then to the UK. If I obtain an Emergency Passport from the Consulate here in Barcelona, would this be valid as an identity document within Schengen, before I eventually 'cash it in', so to speak, as a travel document when I make my trip from Germany to the UK?  I am hoping so, as I don't fancy my chances of getting back to the UK in time to secure an appointment for a fast-track passport. I am going to call the consulate tomorrow, but would appreciate any advice or prior experience.  
30476	Re-entering Europe with a French "long séjour" visa	I am a national from Mexico, currently an exchange student following a program in France and have a "long séjour" residence permit (multiple entry visa). During the summer holidays, I plan to travel outside Europe, and then I will return to Europe to continue my studies but I want to enter from Spain (my French visa will be still valid). Will this cause any trouble? Or do I need to re-enter Europe on the country that issued my visa (i.e. France)?  Also, is any visa issued from any Schengen country considered as a "Schengen visa"? 
30496	Can I travel to Finland with a multiple entry visa issued for Italy?	I would like to stay in Italy for a few days after which I would prefer going to Finland for a week and then back to my country (non - EU citizen). I was wondering if the Finnish authorities wouldn't mind me entering their country even though my visa was issued for Italy rather than Finland and whether they would question me why didn't I stay in Italy for a longer period of time before entering Finland? Generally speaking, I would like to find out what is Finnish border control like (whether they are too strict or not)? 
30497	Turning 18, visitor visa UK	My sister in law came to the UK with her mum and dad in April 2014 for a couple of weeks on a 6-month family visitor visa. They returned to Morocco on 23 April. She wants to come back to the UK this July during the summer holidays. When she applied for the visa it was as a child and her visa states that she must be accompanied. However since returning to Morocco she has turned 18 and will be travelling alone to the UK. Does she (a) need to be accompanied if she comes here again and (b) require a new visa as an adult or (c) can she travel unaccompanied to the UK on the same visa 
30502	Nested Return Flights	I am currently in Europe and have the following flight scheme:     Europe → USA (September) USA → Europe (Christmas) Europe → USA (January '15) USA → Europe (July '15)   First, does it make a difference which combination of returns I book? (That is, (1+4), (2+3) versus (1+2), (3+4).) Say I would like to keep two flights open right now (3, 4) – is there anything I can do without paying the huge additional price of business class or similar?  Second, is there anything else I should think about? I'll try to book all four flights with the same frequent flyer program – any other hints? 
30540	Can I gain entry into the Schengen area through Spain if my visa is a Type D Italian visa?	I'm an Indian Citizen and about to go to Europe for my Masters Education on an Erasmus Scholarship.  My first semester begins in Italy. But before that we are expected to attend a short introductory course for 10 days in Spain. Can I gain first entry through Spain with an Italian Type D visa? 
30540	Can I gain entry into the Schengen area through Spain if my visa is a Type D Italian visa?	I'm an Indian Citizen and about to go to Europe for my Masters Education on an Erasmus Scholarship.  My first semester begins in Italy. But before that we are expected to attend a short introductory course for 10 days in Spain. Can I gain first entry through Spain with an Italian Type D visa? 
30565	Sweden to Cyprus and back	I was in Sweden for 59 days, then left to Cyprus (non-Schengen) for 90 days. I would like to go back to Sweden, and as I understand it, I would only have one month left since It has only been 5 months out of 6 of my whole stay. Is this correct? Or could the clock reset since I have been out of the Schengen area 3 months? 
30565	Sweden to Cyprus and back	I was in Sweden for 59 days, then left to Cyprus (non-Schengen) for 90 days. I would like to go back to Sweden, and as I understand it, I would only have one month left since It has only been 5 months out of 6 of my whole stay. Is this correct? Or could the clock reset since I have been out of the Schengen area 3 months? 
30571	Delay due to strikes - can you claim on the SNCF Garantie Ponctualité?	Thanks to the question on checking SNCF trains during a strike, I was able to discover that one of my trains today was cancelled. Sadly though, the only alternative involved a very hefty delay and an unexpected night in Paris...  Normally, one would be able to reclaim 75% of the cost of the ticket for a delay of 3 hours or more, under the SNCF Garantie Ponctualité. This would go some way towards the hotel costs, even if not really covering the inconvenience...  However, I'm not sure if that still applies if the cancellation was due to a strike. Are you able to claim under the SNCF Garantie Ponctualité for delays caused by cancellations during a strike, or is that excluded? 
28922	Are live leeches allowed through TSA checkpoints?	On the most voted answer on What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?, there was a comment about leeches:     Though if you're a doctor of 14th century philosophy, you should probably carry some leeches with you just in case you're called upon to provide medical assistance to a fellow passenger.   While this is obviously a joke comment, it did get some interest in whether live leeches are allowed through flight checkpoints. Since (surprisingly) no one posted this since it was asked in 2011, I thought I'd go ahead and post it.  So, what is the status on live leeches and the TSA? 
30575	More Flexible International Searches	I'm looking for extremely flexible flight search engines.  Here are the features I'd like to be able to utilize:   More flexible date search, specifically, I want to be gone between 7 and 12 days, but I'm good with leaving and arriving any time within two months. I can search on a site like kayak, but only within a few days, and it won't preserve my trip length. "Super long" layovers, rather than 3-8 hours in a layover, I'd like a longer layover, more like 16-48 hours.  Sometimes these pop up in the searches, but I can't figure out how to locate them specifically.   Is there any site that works well and has more options than a site like kayak?  For what it is worth, I'm looking to travel from DSM to RIO in September or October of this year. 
30589	Transit visa requirement for Indian citizen with US permanent residence travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt-London-Chicago	My wife is Indian citizen with us permanent residence. She would be travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt_London-Chicago with small layovers at London and Frankfurt. As Germany is Schengen and London is non-Schengen, would she still need transit/visitor visa? I know for Indian citizens with US residency, transit visa is not required if there is a single layover in Europe. Also visa is required if there is more tahn one Schengen lay over. What about this one Schengen and one non-Schengen layover?   If I need a transit/visitor visa, do I need for Germany or UK or both? 
30589	Transit visa requirement for Indian citizen with US permanent residence travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt-London-Chicago	My wife is Indian citizen with us permanent residence. She would be travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt_London-Chicago with small layovers at London and Frankfurt. As Germany is Schengen and London is non-Schengen, would she still need transit/visitor visa? I know for Indian citizens with US residency, transit visa is not required if there is a single layover in Europe. Also visa is required if there is more tahn one Schengen lay over. What about this one Schengen and one non-Schengen layover?   If I need a transit/visitor visa, do I need for Germany or UK or both? 
30197	Transit visa requirements while traveling from US to India with stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt	I'm an Indian passport holder traveling from US to India with transit stops in Heathrow and Frankfurt (my flight is ORD–LHR–FRA–BLR). I have a valid US H1 visa, and my transits in both London and Frankfurt are less than 3 hours in duration.  Based on the above description, do you know if I would need a transit visa in either London or Frankfurt? 
30589	Transit visa requirement for Indian citizen with US permanent residence travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt-London-Chicago	My wife is Indian citizen with us permanent residence. She would be travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt_London-Chicago with small layovers at London and Frankfurt. As Germany is Schengen and London is non-Schengen, would she still need transit/visitor visa? I know for Indian citizens with US residency, transit visa is not required if there is a single layover in Europe. Also visa is required if there is more tahn one Schengen lay over. What about this one Schengen and one non-Schengen layover?   If I need a transit/visitor visa, do I need for Germany or UK or both? 
30589	Transit visa requirement for Indian citizen with US permanent residence travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt-London-Chicago	My wife is Indian citizen with us permanent residence. She would be travelling from Delhi-Frankfurt_London-Chicago with small layovers at London and Frankfurt. As Germany is Schengen and London is non-Schengen, would she still need transit/visitor visa? I know for Indian citizens with US residency, transit visa is not required if there is a single layover in Europe. Also visa is required if there is more tahn one Schengen lay over. What about this one Schengen and one non-Schengen layover?   If I need a transit/visitor visa, do I need for Germany or UK or both? 
30579	US Permanent Resident and Citizen of Uzbekistan traveling to Canada do I need a visa?	I'm a citizen of Uzbekistan as well as a Permanent Resident of the US. I'm planning to travel to Canada for a short vacation but not sure if I need a tourist visa.  I am having a hard time trying to get in touch with Canadian consulate in NY since it doesn't respond visa inquires over the phone. I don't want to be stuck at the airport or sent back to the US if the visa is required. 
30597	Do Indian nationals require a transit visa at Vienna travelling from Ukraine to India?	One of my friends is studying in Ukraine, now he wants to travel to India for vacation via Vienna. Does he require a transit visa? 
30551	Timeframe for extension of Indonesian 60 days tourist visa	How soon can I apply for a one month extension of my Indonesian 60 days tourist visa? 
30585	Travel by train / bus from Newark Airport to Philadelphia Center City	I would be landing in Newark Airport with an international flight on Friday at 8.00 AM, and am planning to get to Philadelphia Center City immediately after to attend a conference (hotel not yet booked, but will choose one in Philadelphia Center City).   I will have a suitcase with me and a small backpack. I wanted to take an Amtrak train from the airport to Philadelphia 30th Street Station, but there seem to be no available trains that allow checked baggage.  Are there any other options for traveling by train with a suitcase? Can I find buses (are suitcases allowed on buses?) between those two points? If so, where?   
30636	How are different ethnicities discriminated against in Japan?	I was reading this article called Can I side-step discrimination against foreigners in Japan? and it makes me wonder, how are different ethnicities discriminated against in Japan? Quoting the answer,     White men have a role here, and it's not a bad one. You won't   experience the same conformist pressures as the natives (e.g. bald   Japanese men have a rotten time) and, if you're single, you'll be   thoroughly spoilt!   So white people are treated well. Is that true regardless of whether or not they're bald?  What about black people? What about people of Hispanic descent or from India? What about Muslims with full hijabs on? 
30651	Which carry-on rules apply on a domestic leg of an international flight?	If you have both a domestic and an international (e.g. transatlantic) leg on your flight, checked luggage allowances are determined by the international leg.  Recently, some US domestic carrier have made stricter rules for carry-on luggage on domestic flights by limiting the size of the bags (especially width). Do similar rules apply for carry-on luggage as for checked luggage, i.e. could you get around these restrictions on the domestic leg if you have a connecting international leg, or would you need to check-in your carry-on on the domestic leg of the flight? 
30641	Munich Airport transit on two separate tickets	I will be arriving at Munich Airport Terminal 1 on an international flight at 7:45 PM, and my next flight to Berlin is at 9:45 PM from Terminal 2. I will be holding two separate tickets (Oman Air and Lufthansa). Is the transit time enough? I would appreciate any advice. 
30607	Is it safe for a commercial flight to have Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan on its flight route?	This September I will have a flight from Qatar (Doha) to Japan (Haneda) with Qatar Airways on the very new route code QR810. By checking its flight route I've noticed that it flies over south Iran, south Afghanistan and north Pakistan for at least 1/3 of the flight time. I know that the war is over in Afghanistan and things are better now in Iran and Pakistan, but I'm still worried about having a flight over their territory.   Is it safe to fly over countries considered dangerous zones?   
30674	What is the problem with Indian water? Bugs or Chemicals	I will be heading out to India soon and saw one of these on Amazon.  http://www.amazon.co.uk/Lifesaver-Systems-Limited-4000-Bottle/dp/B001EHF99A  Demonstration Video:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=6w4xo-SKiQU  This cool gadget filters out bugs and dirt from water sources, however it does not filter chemicals.  My question is it going to be useful to take with me, as I dont want to use it on taps in India if I am still going to get ill from chemicals in the water that is different to what I am used to.  What do you think? 
30676	What's the typical response time for a SNCF Réclamation en Ligne claim?	Earlier this week I got caught out by the SNCF strikes when my train was cancelled, and ended up with an unexpected night in Paris. I've had a chat with my (expensive but fairly generous) travel insurance provider, and they've said it's likely that they'll cover the extra costs incurred, less anything I get from SNCF.  As per this question on the Garantie Ponctualité and cancellations, I know that cancellations mean that the Garantie Ponctualité doesn't automatically apply, but that it's possible that they'll offer something anyway. So, I've fought with the online claim form, including having much fun with the form insisting on receiving a French phone number to submit no matter what country you say you're from (luckily it finally took all zeros!), and I've submitted a claim to SNCF.  Ideally I'd like to submit the travel insurance claim soon, while the details are all still fresh in my mind, but the insurance company have said I can't do that until I know how much, if any, SNCF will contribute. So, that leaves me to wonder - what is the typical response time for SNCF to claims through their Réclamation en ligne system? 
30679	Use of unused Schengen visa to travel to Switzerland	I am Indian national residing in UK and have been issued Schengen visa by Norway Embassy which is Type 'C', multiple entry and expires on 21st oct 2014.  Unfortunately I have never used this visa to travel to any country in Europe.  My question is whether I use this Schengen visa issued by Norwegian Embassy to travel to Switzerland for a 10 day holiday?  My first port of entry will be Geneva airport.  Please let me know if I can use this visa and if I need to carry some additional documents to clear immigration control when I land in Switzerland. 
30699	SNCF strike in June 2014	I will be traveling on the TGV this Sunday. They have not yet announced whether or not the strike will continue into Sunday. Is it possible for me to cancel my ticket and get a full refund just in case the strike continues? I need to buy an airplane ticket, but I don't want to get stuck with my TGV ticket fees, too, if the strike magically resolves by Sunday. Plane prices are going up quickly, so I need to decide soon. Thanks for any tips! PS, my trip is from Paris to Aix-en-Provence. 
30707	Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia?	I would like to motorcycle through all of Southeast Asia over the course of a few months. I would buy a bike over there and travel as cheaply as possible. I would like to see all 11 countries of Southeast Asia and would like to camp and do things as cheaply as possible.   if I bought a motorbike in SE asia what are the requirements for bringing that bike into the next country? which countries would you just be able to kinda camp wherever? I know mainland Southeast Asia would be doable for motorbike travel, would there be adequate ferries and the like to see Indonesia? How about the Philippines?  
30507	Where to buy an electronic ticket for the train from Krakow to Prague?	I know a direct train exists (it was answered here). I tried to buy it via the polish rail and via the Czech rail but without success. How can I buy an electronic ticket for this  connection? 
30663	Alaska-Canada-USA border crossing under Visa Waiver Program	We are travelling on a Greek passport (EU).   We plan to be in Canada next April. Using a land border, after Canada we want to drive west to Alaska, then get back to Canada and then drive south to USA and further south to Mexico and so on.  We will normally get 3 months in our first entry in Canada and 3 months in our first entry in Alaska which is a US territory under the 90 days Waiver Program.   How it works after our exit from Alaska? How much time we get in our second entry in Canada and how much time we get in our second entry in the USA after the first 3 months we get for visiting Alaska? Does anybody have similar experience?  Thanks a lot in advance.  Nikos 
30736	Can I travel to Croatia with single-entry Schengen visa?	I am traveling to Zurich with a single-entry Schengen visa.  While coming back can I travel to Croatia for 3 days and then return to India (Country of Origin)? 
30744	Would 1 hour layover be enough between Frankfurt and Munich if I have a transit visa and my final destination is US?	I have an Indian passport and will be travelling to the US. I have two stops on Germany, first at Frankfurt and then at Munich. Lufthansa suggests that I need a transit visa which I will be getting. Both my tickets come under the same journey and are booked as one trip. I would be flying to Charlotte from Munich.  My layover time is just 55 minutes in Frankfurt. Will there be any immigration procedure for transit visa holders? Would it be possible for me to board my flight? Especially because this answer claims that it is really difficult. 
30494	Bringing (outdoor) food to Japan	In august I will go to Japan to visit relatives and to make a trekking. In europe I usualy bring trekking meals with me, the kind of meals that you can easily prepare on a stove by just adding water.  Those meals are sealed in plastic and usually look like this:     I've never had any problems in Europe, but when I look up the regulations on traveling to Japan, I read various restriction, ranging from not being allowed to bring in any meat products, up onto dissolowence of milk, vegetable or egg products.  I could live without meat (there are vegetarian meals available), but the other ingredients would be a problem.  Does anyone have experience with bringing food into japan? 
30762	Schengen visa for two stop overs in Germany? I do have a valid F1 visa for US	I am travelling to USA from India and I have two layovers in Germany (Frankfurt and Dusseldorf). Do I need a transit visa or a Schengen visa?   Will I be exempted from Schengen visa, since I hold a valid f1 visa? 
30755	Transit visa for Germany	I will be traveling from Bangalore, India to Helsinki, Finland. I have two stops in my journey one at Abu Dhabi and the other at Berlin. I am an Indian citizen hold a one year student residence permit for Finland.  The airliner suggested that no transit visa is required at Abu Dhabi, But I might require a transit visa at Berlin.  Is there a requirement of a transit visa for Germany as I will be waiting for my connecting flight for 3 hours at Tegel airport. 
30769	Round-trip transit through Canada: does it double transit visa costs?	I am a Romanian passport holder and will be transiting through Canada both ways during a round trip travel between US &lt;- China.  (This is necessary if want to take an affordable Air Canada flight.)  To be able to transit, I need to get a Canadian visa.  Question: will I need two transit visas, which effectively double the cost?  Is it possible to get a multiple entry transit visa?    There will be 31 days between the two trips.    After a lot of searching, I am unable to find this information on the official website.  There are multiple entry visas, but it's not clear if there are multiple entry transit visas, and it's also not clear how much time can pass between the two entries.  I am unable to find any contact information (email or phone number) where I can inquire about this.  I need to know how much the visas cost to be able to make a decision about which flight to take. 
30783	Vantage point for photography in Panama City	Yes, we have similar questions for Manhattan, London and Vancouver, but what about Panama City? It has a lot of skyscrapers, but WikiVoyage, Lonely Planet and TripAdvisor mention nothing about a publicly accessible high up observation deck, restaurant or the like. Seems like the views could be quite astonishing, with the Canal and all.  The tallest place I've found so far is Ancon Hill, yet the views are blocked by vegetation. There's a Hard Rock Hotel, but its Cafe is closed, and at the 2nd floor of the mall below.   
30783	Vantage point for photography in Panama City	Yes, we have similar questions for Manhattan, London and Vancouver, but what about Panama City? It has a lot of skyscrapers, but WikiVoyage, Lonely Planet and TripAdvisor mention nothing about a publicly accessible high up observation deck, restaurant or the like. Seems like the views could be quite astonishing, with the Canal and all.  The tallest place I've found so far is Ancon Hill, yet the views are blocked by vegetation. There's a Hard Rock Hotel, but its Cafe is closed, and at the 2nd floor of the mall below.   
30783	Vantage point for photography in Panama City	Yes, we have similar questions for Manhattan, London and Vancouver, but what about Panama City? It has a lot of skyscrapers, but WikiVoyage, Lonely Planet and TripAdvisor mention nothing about a publicly accessible high up observation deck, restaurant or the like. Seems like the views could be quite astonishing, with the Canal and all.  The tallest place I've found so far is Ancon Hill, yet the views are blocked by vegetation. There's a Hard Rock Hotel, but its Cafe is closed, and at the 2nd floor of the mall below.   
30788	To travel to Athens with a valid French Schengen visa, do I need to obtain a Greek Schengen visa?	I am an Indian national holding a valid multiple entry French Schengen visa for four years. I would like to visit Athens, Greece to attend a conference in September. Can I travel with this French Schengen visa or do I need to take a fresh Schengen visa from Greece? 
30788	To travel to Athens with a valid French Schengen visa, do I need to obtain a Greek Schengen visa?	I am an Indian national holding a valid multiple entry French Schengen visa for four years. I would like to visit Athens, Greece to attend a conference in September. Can I travel with this French Schengen visa or do I need to take a fresh Schengen visa from Greece? 
30788	To travel to Athens with a valid French Schengen visa, do I need to obtain a Greek Schengen visa?	I am an Indian national holding a valid multiple entry French Schengen visa for four years. I would like to visit Athens, Greece to attend a conference in September. Can I travel with this French Schengen visa or do I need to take a fresh Schengen visa from Greece? 
30799	Layover in Munich enough time for customs?	We are (4) travelers flying from Charlotte, North Carolina (Lufthansa) to Munich, Germany then on to Pisa, Italy.  All will have carry-on bags only. Is 1 1/2 hours enough time to get through customs in Munich? 
30818	What happens when you exceed the import limits of alcohol in Norway?	What happens when you arrive at the border of Norway (as an EU citizen) and you get caught by the customs with an amount of alcohol (beer, liquor) that is greater than the allowed amount?   Do you simply hand in the exceeding amount? Do you pay a fine? Or can you take the extra amount by paying import tax?  I'm not talking about commercial quantities, but more something like 10 liters of beer (that's 5 liters more than allowed).  I found a similar question here, but that one is more general and is not about Norway. 
30819	Middle name missing on flight reservation, can I still fly?	As per passport my name is Manish Kumar Ahuja, but by mistake I book a ticket with the name of Manish Ahuja. My middle name is not on the ticket. Can I fly on this ticket? Because the airline can't add the name and they say that the ticket is non-refundable. 
30873	Visa on arrival in Italy for Chinese national travelling with UK spouse?	I am a UK national and my wife and son are Chinese nationals. We plan to go to Italy via Croatia. Croatia have confirmed that they will issue visas to my wife and son at the point of entry as long as we can prove our family relationship. Will Italy do the same? My wife already has a single entry Schengen visa for Spain for business purposes but we will not be going there. 
30883	Serbia - Kosovo border problem?	I would like to travel onto Balkans' quartro Serbia, Bosnia Herzegovina, then Montenegro and Kosovo with my Turkish passport as both countries do not require Visa. The problem that concerns me is Serbian - Kosovo border. Is there any problem getting into Serbia from Kosovo? What should I do?  There's some information on the internet which confuses me. They are telling entering to Kosovo from Novi Pazar (SER) shouldn't be a problem but the opposite is the biggest problem. They are telling that I shouldn't let any Kosovan stamp on my password. But wouldn't it make this travel illegal? If I can't find a solution, unfortunately I have to cancel visiting Kosovo where I would like to visit the most. 
30979	Cheap last-minute flights in Europe	I will have a long summer vacation in Europe, and wish to visit different places by saving the flight costs. My strategy is to find cheap last-minute flights, as my destination is flexible (I can change it based on available special offer).  Is this strategy workable in Europe? I mean do the European airlines have such special offers for last-minute purchases?  If yes, where should I check for these special offers? websites (please name), travel agencies, airline offices. Which airlines better fit with this strategy? My guess is that small inter-European airlines should have more special offers for last-minute booking comparing to large international airlines.  To re-phrase my question: if you want to buy cheap last-minute flight within Europe, where do you buy the ticket? 
31033	Transit in Heathrow with an Italian student visa	I am an Indian citizen travelling from India to Italy on a student visa via the UK. My flight stops at Heathrow for 2.30 hours. Will I be required to have a transit visa? 
31033	Transit in Heathrow with an Italian student visa	I am an Indian citizen travelling from India to Italy on a student visa via the UK. My flight stops at Heathrow for 2.30 hours. Will I be required to have a transit visa? 
31042	How can I visit the airbase at Attu Island?	I am researching a book about Attu Island during WWII.  How would I go about getting permission to visit the old airbase there?  How would I charter a boat to the island? 
31074	How to obtain multiple entry Schengen visa while in Schengen area	I'm currently traveling around Scandinavia (main cointry is Norway) on a single entry Schengen C visa, but would like to travel to Croatia for a short holiday before returning to Norway, then back to my home country in Asia. However, the Croatian Ministry of Foreign Affairs website says they allow holders of the Schengen visa entry into the country if it's a two or multiple entry visa. Is it possible to obtain an extension of a multiple entry visa while still in Norway or the Schengen area? 
31083	What rights do you have in China to appeal stuff being taken off you in transit?	I debated this, but I think it's askable.  I just flew transit through Beijing. Did NOT enter the country.  You still have to go through security though, but whatever, it just takes time.  Until I got called aside for questioning about my Anker Power Charger (this model).  The conversation:     Security: "What is this? It has no label"   Me: "It's a USB charger, for charging my phone, for example"   Security: "It has no labels showing how much power, it's not allowed into China"   Me: "It's not going into China, I'm only in transit! Also, where, anywhere, is there a sign saying it must be labelled?" (It had been, but was worn off)   Security: "We can keep it for you, one month"   Me: "What use is that if after a month you still won't let me take it on a flight?"   Security: "Sorry, It's not allowed into China"   Me: "It was MADE in China!"   Anyway, despite my protests, it was removed from me, as well as similar items from other passengers (I got to see a lot of them while having this discussion).  Essentially, however, I had no leg to stand on. They could have claimed my laptop computer for all I knew, and I couldn't see any way to protest, get a claim, or anything like that.   So I guess my question is - is there a way to get documentation of the event, and claim for it later, or a way to officially protest, say from the airport OR the airline, given nobody warned me they'd be looking at and confiscating power banks with worn off labels? 
31091	Can I drive in North-Carolina with a EU drivers license?	In an entry to travel.se on reciprocal agreements for learner drivers, it is mentioned that in North Carolina:     The International Drivers License is NOT recognized in North Carolina and cannot be used as a drivers license.   On the referred page it is however stated that      Residents from other states or countries may operate vehicles in North Carolina using their drivers licenses. The same restrictions or limitations as imposed by their home states or countries apply in North Carolina.   These two lines do however contradict each other since a local drivers license always is an intrinsic part of a International Drivers License.   What is the rationale behind denying IDP's and allowing local, foreign, drivers licenses. Also the use of the word "may" in "Residents from other states or countries may operate vehicles" is confusing.  So with an EU drivers license, can I or can't I drive in North Carolina? 
31098	Oyster card vs Travelcard from Woking for a weekend	I'm planning on travelling into London from Woking this weekend, with a number of specific places I'm going to visit. It'll be into London (zone 1) on Friday evening, then on to zone 3, and then on Saturday it'll be zones 1, 2 and 3, and then return to Woking on Saturday evening.  My ticket options appear to be:   Super Off-peak Travelcard on Friday (£17.50) and another on Saturday (£17.50) Singles between Woking and Surbiton1 (2 @ £6.30) plus Oyster card Singles between Woking and Clapham Junction (2 @ £8.30) plus Oyster card   I can find how much the Oyster card will cost to get (deposit, register, initial credit)2, but what I can't find is how much the Oyster card will actually "cost" for the journeys inside London, either from Waterloo to my zone 3 destination or from there back to either Clapham Junction or Surbiton.    1 Surbiton is the furthest out that Oyster will cover.  2 Oyster &amp; Travel Cards is the best hit I've found on here, but other sites also have the basic information. 
31087	If I have an outstanding medical bill in America, can I go back there?	In 2007 I was in Texas when I fell really sick. I was rushed to hospital because my throat closed up and walked out with a medical bill of $1,200. I had travel insurance but they where being difficult in paying the claim, so I never did. I am travelling to Hawaii in November this year and I am worried that I will not be allowed into the country due to my outstanding bill? 
31106	Flying TYO - FRA - LAX - TYO	I live in Tokyo and want to visit both Germany (I'm going to travel to different cities to visit friends, so airport doesn't matter much) and either LA or the bay area this August. Unfortunately for me, I only have 2-3 weeks for both, and it has to be August, even though I would have preferred to fly during a less expensive month.  Now that I spent hours on hipmunk and ita matrix trying to find the best routing for me, I think it's a good idea to ask for some advice :). Tickets for TYO - FRA, LAX - TYO and similar can be found for about $1400 (that's for both tickets), but it's absolutely impossible to find reasonably priced tickets for the Germany - West coast segment. It seems that my best bet is just to buy 2 round trip tickets from Tokyo. Do you see anything I don't? I absolutely wouldn't mind flying any crazy detours if it nets me cheaper tickets. 
31118	How to get to "Life Of Pi's" bizarre island?	I am always fascinated by islands, especially the uninhabited or bizarre ones. I also previously asked about The duct tape island of Mythbusters.  My new pursuit of interest is the bizarre island from the movie Life of Pi. Where is it located and how to get to it? (if it is real).   
31126	Travelling from US to India through Frankfurt on H1B visa with approved extension	I am planning to travel from US to India, for which there is a Lufthansa flight that goes through Frankfurt. There I will be switching from one Lufthansa flight (Lufthansa 9053) to another (Lufthansa 758). The layover time in Frankfurt is around 2 hours.  I am an Indian citizen. I am on H1B visa with an approved extension (has the new I-90 form). But the visa has not been stamped yet in my passport. I would like to know if it is legal for me take that itinerary through Frankfurt (or) do I need a transit visa? 
31126	Travelling from US to India through Frankfurt on H1B visa with approved extension	I am planning to travel from US to India, for which there is a Lufthansa flight that goes through Frankfurt. There I will be switching from one Lufthansa flight (Lufthansa 9053) to another (Lufthansa 758). The layover time in Frankfurt is around 2 hours.  I am an Indian citizen. I am on H1B visa with an approved extension (has the new I-90 form). But the visa has not been stamped yet in my passport. I would like to know if it is legal for me take that itinerary through Frankfurt (or) do I need a transit visa? 
31126	Travelling from US to India through Frankfurt on H1B visa with approved extension	I am planning to travel from US to India, for which there is a Lufthansa flight that goes through Frankfurt. There I will be switching from one Lufthansa flight (Lufthansa 9053) to another (Lufthansa 758). The layover time in Frankfurt is around 2 hours.  I am an Indian citizen. I am on H1B visa with an approved extension (has the new I-90 form). But the visa has not been stamped yet in my passport. I would like to know if it is legal for me take that itinerary through Frankfurt (or) do I need a transit visa? 
31129	What are the top three healthiest drink options on a typical US flight?	To not turn this into a health or personal opinion debate, let's define "healthiest" as having the least sugar and most protein. Tomato juice seems like a solid option. Any others?  I see Minute Maid Orange Juice, Canada Dry, (Diet) Sierra Mist, Sprite, but there are also some mysterious bottles and cans that I haven't had a chance to examine. 
31127	Transit visa requirements for Multi-Leg flights through Heathrow	I am planning on a holiday trip in EU before heading home for my vacation in India.   I am an Indian Citizen and am currently on F1 visa. I am using my tax money to travel to Germany to meet my friend during August-September.   I have booked British airways, where I fly from San Diego to London with 2.40 hour halt in Heathrow and London to Munich, Germany. I will be in Germany little less than 2 weeks before I head to India. My flight back is, Munich, Germany to London with 4 hours connecting in Heathrow and London to Chennai, India. My last leg of the flight is from Chennai, India to San Diego, USA via Heathrow (3 hour halt).  Leg 1: SAN-LHR-MUC : Won't need a visa as I am travelling from USA.  Leg 2: MUC-LHR-MAA : Do i need to DATV for my transit in London. I will not be leaving the airside.   Leg 3: MAA-LHR-SAN : I don't need a transit visa as I am travelling through UK to USA with a valid visa.   I have my Schengen visa for the trip Do i need to get DATV for Leg 2 of my flight? I called up British airways and they said, I don't have more than 24 hours of transit, so I don't need a visa but the UK visa and immigration page says something different.  Any help would be appreciated…  I don't want to miss my connection or pay more money if i can get hassle free vacation with just additional $68 for the DATV.  P.S The whole trip is done in single booking.  UPDATE: BRITISH AIRWAYS as usual wasnt very helpful nor was the email from the british embassy. I applied for the DAT visa and awaiting the decision, Will update the post when i get the visa. i shall also update  this post with the DAT visa process..Thanks for your help!  UPDATE: 29th July: DAT VISA approved and got a multileg entry for 6 months. 
31127	Transit visa requirements for Multi-Leg flights through Heathrow	I am planning on a holiday trip in EU before heading home for my vacation in India.   I am an Indian Citizen and am currently on F1 visa. I am using my tax money to travel to Germany to meet my friend during August-September.   I have booked British airways, where I fly from San Diego to London with 2.40 hour halt in Heathrow and London to Munich, Germany. I will be in Germany little less than 2 weeks before I head to India. My flight back is, Munich, Germany to London with 4 hours connecting in Heathrow and London to Chennai, India. My last leg of the flight is from Chennai, India to San Diego, USA via Heathrow (3 hour halt).  Leg 1: SAN-LHR-MUC : Won't need a visa as I am travelling from USA.  Leg 2: MUC-LHR-MAA : Do i need to DATV for my transit in London. I will not be leaving the airside.   Leg 3: MAA-LHR-SAN : I don't need a transit visa as I am travelling through UK to USA with a valid visa.   I have my Schengen visa for the trip Do i need to get DATV for Leg 2 of my flight? I called up British airways and they said, I don't have more than 24 hours of transit, so I don't need a visa but the UK visa and immigration page says something different.  Any help would be appreciated…  I don't want to miss my connection or pay more money if i can get hassle free vacation with just additional $68 for the DATV.  P.S The whole trip is done in single booking.  UPDATE: BRITISH AIRWAYS as usual wasnt very helpful nor was the email from the british embassy. I applied for the DAT visa and awaiting the decision, Will update the post when i get the visa. i shall also update  this post with the DAT visa process..Thanks for your help!  UPDATE: 29th July: DAT VISA approved and got a multileg entry for 6 months. 
31143	Within 300 km radius of Tokyo - Where for nature, flora, and fauna?	This instantiates my broader question. Here, "near Tokyo" = within 300 km radius around Tokyo.  I'm planning to visit Japan for 10 days and plan to apportion 5 days to Tokyo. For the remainder, I want to escape the megalopolis and implant myself into the (picturesque, scenic) rural backwoods/countryside? So would someone please suggest or recommend such a region? More criteria:   No 100% untamed boondocks, bears and lethal animals, please.     I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).  I must be able to see and access the ocean or a large body of water from this region. I want to evade temples and all buildings related to religion.   
31159	Tourism in the Schengen area either side of a student visa	Does time spent in a Schengen country under a student visa (issued by that country) count towards the 90 days permitted within the Schengen Area?   My (Australian) partner will be undertaking some studies towards her MBA in Barcelona, and will apply for a Spanish student visa. Her studies will span just over 90 days (the minimum for student visas in Spain). We'd like to do some travel before and after this period, within the Schengen Area, bringing our time in Schengen countries to around 4 months.   Is this a problem as far as the 90/180 rule is concerned, or does time spent under a given visa not count towards the 90 days? Our local Spanish consulate is being exceptionally vague and refuses to assist us until we've booked flights, which of course we don't want to do until we know what's permitted. 
31159	Tourism in the Schengen area either side of a student visa	Does time spent in a Schengen country under a student visa (issued by that country) count towards the 90 days permitted within the Schengen Area?   My (Australian) partner will be undertaking some studies towards her MBA in Barcelona, and will apply for a Spanish student visa. Her studies will span just over 90 days (the minimum for student visas in Spain). We'd like to do some travel before and after this period, within the Schengen Area, bringing our time in Schengen countries to around 4 months.   Is this a problem as far as the 90/180 rule is concerned, or does time spent under a given visa not count towards the 90 days? Our local Spanish consulate is being exceptionally vague and refuses to assist us until we've booked flights, which of course we don't want to do until we know what's permitted. 
31164	Is it possible to extend a 20 days tourist Schengen visa (12 more days)?	My daughter applied at the Italian Consulate in Philadelphia, and they gave her two entries for 20 days (we thought it was for 20 days each entry). She was in Italy 12 days, then went to England for 1 week and flew to Venice to take a 10-day cruise. She couldn't make it because they said she has only 8 remaining days, but she still has a land tour already paid this week.  What can she do? Can she extend the Schengen visa for 12 more days? Right now, she is in Madrid, but next week she has to fly from Barcelona to Paris to start with the tour. What would happen if she decides to take the tour with the expired visa? She is a US permanent resident. 
31164	Is it possible to extend a 20 days tourist Schengen visa (12 more days)?	My daughter applied at the Italian Consulate in Philadelphia, and they gave her two entries for 20 days (we thought it was for 20 days each entry). She was in Italy 12 days, then went to England for 1 week and flew to Venice to take a 10-day cruise. She couldn't make it because they said she has only 8 remaining days, but she still has a land tour already paid this week.  What can she do? Can she extend the Schengen visa for 12 more days? Right now, she is in Madrid, but next week she has to fly from Barcelona to Paris to start with the tour. What would happen if she decides to take the tour with the expired visa? She is a US permanent resident. 
31165	Filipino with US green card traveling to Turkey with transit in Munich and Paris	I am Filipino going to Istanbul. I will be applying for Turkey visa. One of the stopover from San Diego to Turkey is Paris CDG (waiting time 2 hours)  then on a different date after two weeks, i have to go to Brazil where my stopover is Munich, Germany. The waiting time in Munich is 40 minutes as per the itinerary. Do I need to apply for a Schengen visa or transit vîsa?  (Have to modify my statement for clarity) 
31182	Does re-entering Italy restart the 3 month visitation limit?	I am going to visit Italy for several months. Italy allows visitors to vacation for 3 months. However, I plan to visit Italy a month and a half then visit another country for several weeks. When I re-enter Italy, does my 3 month visitation limit re-start? I heard that if I re-enter it, my 3 months re-starts. Is this correct?  
31182	Does re-entering Italy restart the 3 month visitation limit?	I am going to visit Italy for several months. Italy allows visitors to vacation for 3 months. However, I plan to visit Italy a month and a half then visit another country for several weeks. When I re-enter Italy, does my 3 month visitation limit re-start? I heard that if I re-enter it, my 3 months re-starts. Is this correct?  
31182	Does re-entering Italy restart the 3 month visitation limit?	I am going to visit Italy for several months. Italy allows visitors to vacation for 3 months. However, I plan to visit Italy a month and a half then visit another country for several weeks. When I re-enter Italy, does my 3 month visitation limit re-start? I heard that if I re-enter it, my 3 months re-starts. Is this correct?  
31184	Why do I feel nauseous even before my plane ride? + Any tips?	This has only started occurring in the past 4-5 years and I'm 16. On one plane ride, I just didn't eat the right things and there was some heavy turbulence so I ended up throwing up many times. After that, plane rides scared me since I thought that I'd get nauseous on all of them and this lead to me feeling nervous and sick/nauseous even before the plane ride e.g. the terminal, on the way there.  In the past year, that "fear" has passed and I've had a few successful trips where I haven't felt nauseous either on or before the plane. But it also has been happening and I'm not sure why since I'm not one to get motion sick easily on any sort of transport, I don't eat any (large amounts) of greasy, salty etc. food beforehand either. I'm also not worried about my safety when on the plane ride, I just inevitably feel nauseous.  P.S. This is not something I've associated with airports themselves since I can go to airports to drop friends and relatives off.  Please help explain why and what I could possibly do about it since I'm going on a 24+ hour plane ride in 3 days. 
31146	Can we carry three new smart phones in hand luggage to India?	I bought two smart phones for my father and sister in Europe. Will the customs officer in India (Chennai) give any trouble if I carry two new unopened smart phones with the box in my hand luggage? Also, i'm a student, does this give me any advantage over it? 
31212	Consider Hokkaido or not, if relying solely on public transportation?	I thought to segregate this question on Hokkaido from the original. I'm still interested in the other points.  3. I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).   4. Would Hokkaido suit, owing to #3 above and the last paragraph here ?   If not, I'd rather research other travel destinations.  
31141	Where in Japan for nature, flora, and fauna?	I reference this Meta. I'm planning to visit Japan for 10 days and plan to apportion 5 days to Tokyo. For the remainder, I want to escape the megalopolis and implant myself into the (picturesque, scenic) rural backwoods/countryside? So would someone please suggest or recommend such a region? More criteria:   I'm not interested in 100% untamed  boondocks; I want to avoid bears and lethal animals.     Due to possible radiation, I'd like to shun Northern Honshu. I'm tentative about Hokkaido.  I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).  I must be able to see the ocean from this region. I want to evade temples and all buildings related to religion.   
31214	Within 300 km radius of Tokyo - Coastal/seaside destinations in Japan for nature and relaxation?	Since I'm planning to visit Japan for 10 days and plan to apportion 5 days to Tokyo, I thought to reframe this question inside a 300 km radius around Tokyo. 300 is just an estimate; I'm not strict about this. Moreover, I'm curious to know if where urban Tokyoites go, for want of a seaside/costal  region for picturesque, scenic relaxation, resembling that of a nature getaway/resort/retreat. I tried https://www.jnto.go.jp/eng/location/interests/index_th_10.html and     such as it's written in the last paragraph here, I equally want: 'We love rocky beaches, nature hikes, history, the smell of ocean air, the scenery of water, and ... to experience Japan in a smaller town way'   but I would like the satisfaction of these criteria:   I want to avoid bears and lethal animals.     Due to possible radiation, I'd like to shun Fukushima and its surroundings.     I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).  I want to evade temples and all buildings related to religion.   
31213	Can I rent a car in Berlin and drive to Krakow?	We have 5 people traveling from Berlin to Krakow and want to know if this is a reasonable way to travel? 
31231	Getting from Kortrijk or Mouscron to Lille by public transport, after the last train	Following the advice in this question on travelling from Lille to Kortrijk / Courtray and onwards, on Saturday I headed over to Belgium. Coming back, I discovered that while there are trains quite late from elsewhere in Belgium to Kortrijk, the last train from Kortrijk or Mouscron to Lille is around 9.30pm.  If you miss the last train from Kortrijk to Lille (as I almost did due to a late running train to Kortrijk...), you can still get closer to the border to Mouscron for some time later. The last metro or the last tram from Tourcoing is quite a bit later than the last train, ditto from Roubaix (though that's further from Kortrijk or Mouscron)  Are there any ways to get a bus back from Kortrijk or Mouscron after the last train, to meet up with Lille public transport? Or is your only option the 4km walk from Mouscron to the Bourgogne metro station? 
31232	Visiting US for more then 90 Days for a UK citizen with a Canadian 1 year work permit	I am aware this question has been similarly asked before but I'm still at a loss due to different answers each time.   I am a 21 year old UK citizen. I'm in the process of applying for a 12month work visa/permit in Canada.   Now, during my 1 year in Canada I was going to take 3 months out in summer to travel down the US west coast (on the 90 day tourist visa) as I have about 8 friends that I became very close to when they were studying in the UK for 3 years, that live in different parts of California.  After the US summer I was going to go back to Canada to finish my remaining months working visa; but I also want to visit Hawaii and Alaska for a week each with one of my US friends (possibly before the summer just stating I want to visit these places during the same year).  Now as I'm aware I have to go back to my country of residency to be allowed back in the US, but as I'll be on a work visa in Canada, does that count as my residency for the time of my visa or do I have to actually leave North America completely to be allowed to do all three of my USA trips (90 days and 2 separate weeks)?   I do not want to risk deportation or to overstay my summer. I want to do everything legally without a risk of being banned from ever returning. 
31235	Can I plug an adapter into a power strip when going from UK to Europe (Spain)?	I'm travelling from the UK to Spain at the end of the week and, rather than take a bunch of adapters for our chargers, I was thinking of simply taking a couple of power strips and one adapter for each.  Are there any issues in doing this?  Many thanks in advance.  Edit: I should mention that these chargers are for 'light' devices such as phones and tablets. We aren't planning on bringing laptops, TVs etc with us. 
31222	Can I use a US Business visa obtained while working from one company to travel for another?	I have got a US Business visa (B1/B2) from my past company, but I didn't travel. Now I have an opportunity to go to the US for my present company. Shall I use the same visa?  Note: The visa is multiple entry and no company name is on the visa. 
31255	Only need return flight ticket	I can't use my outward flight ticket but need my return ticket. If I do not show on my outward flight, I am worried that the company might cancel my return flight. I have spoken to the flight company and they say I would have to cancel both tickets but the refund is so low, it's better to keep both tickets and not show for the outward flight. Should I tell the carrier that I am not going to use the outward ticket and pray they don't cancel my return flight. 
21343	Are both the entry and exit day counted for 90/180 Schengen rule?	Suppose I enter Schengen region on a Monday at noon, and then leave at the same time the following monday.  Does this count as 7 days or 8 days?  If a day is measured as 24 hours then it would add up to 7, but if part days count in full then I guess it would be 8.    I am trying to make the most of my 90 days without risk of overstaying.   
31264	Do I need a Transit visa for a layover in Miami?	I am travelling from New Delhi, India to Bogota, Colombia with British airways with first stop at London, UK and then to Miami, USA. There is a change from British Airways to American Airlines in Miami to Bogota. The travel agent said I need a transit visa for the UK stoppage. But he said I do not need a transit visa for the Miami change. Does this hold true? 
31214	Within 300 km radius of Tokyo - Coastal/seaside destinations in Japan for nature and relaxation?	Since I'm planning to visit Japan for 10 days and plan to apportion 5 days to Tokyo, I thought to reframe this question inside a 300 km radius around Tokyo. 300 is just an estimate; I'm not strict about this. Moreover, I'm curious to know if where urban Tokyoites go, for want of a seaside/costal  region for picturesque, scenic relaxation, resembling that of a nature getaway/resort/retreat. I tried https://www.jnto.go.jp/eng/location/interests/index_th_10.html and     such as it's written in the last paragraph here, I equally want: 'We love rocky beaches, nature hikes, history, the smell of ocean air, the scenery of water, and ... to experience Japan in a smaller town way'   but I would like the satisfaction of these criteria:   I want to avoid bears and lethal animals.     Due to possible radiation, I'd like to shun Fukushima and its surroundings.     I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).  I want to evade temples and all buildings related to religion.   
31285	Which passports to use travelling between two countries of citizenship?	My kids are dual Danish and US citizens. My husband and I are permanent US residents, our kids  being born here.   When we travel back and forth between Denmark and the US, we have been solely using the kids US passports.   Obviously, for entry into the US (and check in at the airport) they need to use their US passport, as they have no visa.   On arriving in Denmark, they have a automatic 90 day travel visa, so just showing the US passport have been enough.   There are a couple of other questions around this I explored on the site: Travelling with two different passports, Traveling with two passports which one to use and more, and all of them state that you have to use the passport of the country you enter if you hold that passport, and that in some cases you are required to.   However, we have not been doing this for kids, as I heard anecdotally that it can cause trouble when entering the US. A friend of mine with dual US/other citizen ship used his other passport when entering that country, and at some point he was asked on US re-entry where he had been, and why he had no stamps in his passport. He was told by the US immigration officer that you have to use the same passport for your entire travel.   Is this correct? Or should I use my kids Danish passports for entering Denmark?  
31285	Which passports to use travelling between two countries of citizenship?	My kids are dual Danish and US citizens. My husband and I are permanent US residents, our kids  being born here.   When we travel back and forth between Denmark and the US, we have been solely using the kids US passports.   Obviously, for entry into the US (and check in at the airport) they need to use their US passport, as they have no visa.   On arriving in Denmark, they have a automatic 90 day travel visa, so just showing the US passport have been enough.   There are a couple of other questions around this I explored on the site: Travelling with two different passports, Traveling with two passports which one to use and more, and all of them state that you have to use the passport of the country you enter if you hold that passport, and that in some cases you are required to.   However, we have not been doing this for kids, as I heard anecdotally that it can cause trouble when entering the US. A friend of mine with dual US/other citizen ship used his other passport when entering that country, and at some point he was asked on US re-entry where he had been, and why he had no stamps in his passport. He was told by the US immigration officer that you have to use the same passport for your entire travel.   Is this correct? Or should I use my kids Danish passports for entering Denmark?  
31141	Where in Japan for nature, flora, and fauna?	I reference this Meta. I'm planning to visit Japan for 10 days and plan to apportion 5 days to Tokyo. For the remainder, I want to escape the megalopolis and implant myself into the (picturesque, scenic) rural backwoods/countryside? So would someone please suggest or recommend such a region? More criteria:   I'm not interested in 100% untamed  boondocks; I want to avoid bears and lethal animals.     Due to possible radiation, I'd like to shun Northern Honshu. I'm tentative about Hokkaido.  I won't drive, so must rely on public transport and walking (over reasonable distances).  I must be able to see the ocean from this region. I want to evade temples and all buildings related to religion.   
31290	On a student visitor visa to UK with a layover in Germany: Can I get Schengen visa on arrival or can I do sightseeing wile transiting without a visa?	I am traveling to the UK from India on a student visitor visa. I have a stopover at Frankfurt. Can I sightsee while transiting without a visa or do I need to procure a Schengen visa? Can I get a short stay visa on arrival in Germany? 
31308	Are there people who travel continuously, but still manage to make money on the go?	If yes, how do they do it? What are some examples and options? How hard is it to become one of them?  P.S. I am not talking about people who write travel blogs or make money by writing about their traveling experiences. I am talking about people who manage to find jobs or create value temporarily as they travel, and make money and travel more with that money. 
31311	Hard time proving I am same person as seen in the passport photo taken 9 years ago	This is a bit funny. I had posted a question in June - Use of unused Schengen visa to travel to Switzerland. Based on that i travelled to Norway and faced another problem.  Here is some background:    I have an Indian passport issued in 2005 and expiring in May 2015. Photo taken in 2005 for issuing the passport shows a very skinny version of me.   Currently i have put a lot of weight and hence current photo v/s passport photo has significant difference mostly in fat but facial features are same.   I have a recent photo on UK residence permit issued in 2013 - which usually helps me to use the passport at border control.   I have travelled back and forth between UK and India for past 3 years with same difference in appearance - but never faced any problem.     This is what happened in Norway at border control:   I provided my passport with valid schengen visa (type C - multiple entry - expiring in Oct 2014) and UK residence permit to immigration officer and he asked me few questions on my purpose travel and other basic stuff.    Then he moved on to difference of appearance - my current appearance versus the photo in the passport. This is when the doubt started building.   He then looked at me again and again - sideways, up, down - comparing with my UK residence permit, previous photos on visas on the passport.    He called upon other two officers to look at my situation and everybody has same doubts about my appearance. They would look at the recent UK residence permit but again go back to passport photo and ponder what to do with me.   I tried to build my case by providing other photographic proofs and return ticket to UK- India PAN card (has old photo of me - 2007), Indian driving licence (new photo of me - 2011), my employer id card (new photo - 2010) - but everytime they looked at new photographic evidence and ended up with my old photo in the passport.   They constantly talked between themselves in local language (maybe Norwegian) which I could not understand at all. This went on for about one hour and still it was not over.   The immigration officers were not rude but very amazed at the difference and were looking for some way to relate me to old photo in the passport.   Luckily another international flight arrived at that time and all officers had to take a quick call on what to do with me.   I was finally allowed to enter with warning to get the passport renewed asap to avoid any further issues at other countries border control in the future.   I had my biometric information on UK residence permit which I offered them to verify against mine but they said that they dont have access to UK information and that won't work in Norway.     If you have read the question and are still with me - I would like to thank you for your patience with this question :) I have more trip planned to Europe starting next week and that doesn't give me enough time to renew the passport. I might manage to get through other border controls similar to how I did in Norway but am worried if I get a tough border control official - I might be denied entry.  Is there any other way to prove that I am the same person that was photographed in the passport nearly 9 years ago without renewing the passport? 
31308	Are there people who travel continuously, but still manage to make money on the go?	If yes, how do they do it? What are some examples and options? How hard is it to become one of them?  P.S. I am not talking about people who write travel blogs or make money by writing about their traveling experiences. I am talking about people who manage to find jobs or create value temporarily as they travel, and make money and travel more with that money. 
31223	Is an Australian travel insurance company right not to honor a cancellation claim even if I can't enter the country while pregnant?	So I've booked tickets to Malaysia about a year ago after we found some super cheap tickets (non-refundable, non-changeable). A couple of months after booking the ticket, I got pregnant, and will be in my third trimester when we go on this flight.  We rang up the insurance company and according to them, pregnancy is a pre-existing condition and therefore is not covered. It is considered preexisting even through this all occurred after the booking of the tickets.  The problem is that Malaysia doesn't give out visas to pregnant women after the 6th month of pregnancy. We wouldn't be allowed to go even if we wanted to.  So do I have some sort of case here for me to complain somehow (to somebody?) or is this quite standard process and I should just accept that we won't get our money back? 
31311	Hard time proving I am same person as seen in the passport photo taken 9 years ago	This is a bit funny. I had posted a question in June - Use of unused Schengen visa to travel to Switzerland. Based on that i travelled to Norway and faced another problem.  Here is some background:    I have an Indian passport issued in 2005 and expiring in May 2015. Photo taken in 2005 for issuing the passport shows a very skinny version of me.   Currently i have put a lot of weight and hence current photo v/s passport photo has significant difference mostly in fat but facial features are same.   I have a recent photo on UK residence permit issued in 2013 - which usually helps me to use the passport at border control.   I have travelled back and forth between UK and India for past 3 years with same difference in appearance - but never faced any problem.     This is what happened in Norway at border control:   I provided my passport with valid schengen visa (type C - multiple entry - expiring in Oct 2014) and UK residence permit to immigration officer and he asked me few questions on my purpose travel and other basic stuff.    Then he moved on to difference of appearance - my current appearance versus the photo in the passport. This is when the doubt started building.   He then looked at me again and again - sideways, up, down - comparing with my UK residence permit, previous photos on visas on the passport.    He called upon other two officers to look at my situation and everybody has same doubts about my appearance. They would look at the recent UK residence permit but again go back to passport photo and ponder what to do with me.   I tried to build my case by providing other photographic proofs and return ticket to UK- India PAN card (has old photo of me - 2007), Indian driving licence (new photo of me - 2011), my employer id card (new photo - 2010) - but everytime they looked at new photographic evidence and ended up with my old photo in the passport.   They constantly talked between themselves in local language (maybe Norwegian) which I could not understand at all. This went on for about one hour and still it was not over.   The immigration officers were not rude but very amazed at the difference and were looking for some way to relate me to old photo in the passport.   Luckily another international flight arrived at that time and all officers had to take a quick call on what to do with me.   I was finally allowed to enter with warning to get the passport renewed asap to avoid any further issues at other countries border control in the future.   I had my biometric information on UK residence permit which I offered them to verify against mine but they said that they dont have access to UK information and that won't work in Norway.     If you have read the question and are still with me - I would like to thank you for your patience with this question :) I have more trip planned to Europe starting next week and that doesn't give me enough time to renew the passport. I might manage to get through other border controls similar to how I did in Norway but am worried if I get a tough border control official - I might be denied entry.  Is there any other way to prove that I am the same person that was photographed in the passport nearly 9 years ago without renewing the passport? 
31306	Why does a passport have a place of birth field on it?	Almost all passports I have seen have a place of birth field on them. For instance, on the Indian Passport,    and on the US Passport,    Is there a specific reason to this? 
31319	Do I need a transit visa for a trip from Sri Lanka to the British Virgin Islands via Doha, Amsterdam and Sint Marteen?	I am a Sri Lankan citizen travelling to British Virgin Islands (BVI). I have BVI work permit.  I will be traveling through Doha, Amsterdam, and Sint Maarten.  Do I need a transit visa for either or both of this connections? 
31333	Crossing from Canada into the US with a rental car as a Swiss citizen: what do I need?	I am a Swiss (= not EU) citizen and I'm going to fly to Montreal, rent a RV and then cross into the US (Vermont). Since I won't be included in the ESTA program, what do I need in order to pass the US border? Are they going to give me a visa at the border? 
31382	What countries allow the most visa free / visa on arrival entries?	Why is the British passport the most valuable despite colonization? is a discussion of which passports allow the most visa-free or visa-on-arrival entries. That kinda has me wondering what the most open country is. ie. which country is the most universally easiest to get into, regardless of what country you're coming from.  Like just because UK visitors can get into a lot of countries without visa's doesn't necessarily mean that all their agreements are reciprocal and that just anyone can get into their country without a Visa. Or are visa free agreements always reciprocal? 
31386	Can Someone bring a packed phone from US to India	One of my friend is coming to India from US. He bought himself a laptop and a camera which he is using their. Also I requested him to get a Nexus 5 phone for me. Is it possible to bring this phone with sealed box in India without any trouble? 
31382	What countries allow the most visa free / visa on arrival entries?	Why is the British passport the most valuable despite colonization? is a discussion of which passports allow the most visa-free or visa-on-arrival entries. That kinda has me wondering what the most open country is. ie. which country is the most universally easiest to get into, regardless of what country you're coming from.  Like just because UK visitors can get into a lot of countries without visa's doesn't necessarily mean that all their agreements are reciprocal and that just anyone can get into their country without a Visa. Or are visa free agreements always reciprocal? 
31386	Can Someone bring a packed phone from US to India	One of my friend is coming to India from US. He bought himself a laptop and a camera which he is using their. Also I requested him to get a Nexus 5 phone for me. Is it possible to bring this phone with sealed box in India without any trouble? 
31394	Transit visa rules in Dubai airport	My uncle is traveling from Dubai to Amsterdam and then to Quito. He is citizen of Ecuador and Pakistan, currently in Pakistan. He will arrive at 5 AM in Dubai from Lahore and leave Dubai at 11:55 PM on the same day.  I want to know how long he can stay in Dubai airport without visa. He will travel by KLM airlines from Dubai to Amsterdam and then from Amsterdam to Quito. Does he need a visa in Dubai? 
31394	Transit visa rules in Dubai airport	My uncle is traveling from Dubai to Amsterdam and then to Quito. He is citizen of Ecuador and Pakistan, currently in Pakistan. He will arrive at 5 AM in Dubai from Lahore and leave Dubai at 11:55 PM on the same day.  I want to know how long he can stay in Dubai airport without visa. He will travel by KLM airlines from Dubai to Amsterdam and then from Amsterdam to Quito. Does he need a visa in Dubai? 
31409	Why are flights with hotel bookings cheaper?	I booked a flight + 4 star hotel on Expedia on Thursday, arriving the following Sunday and checking out Monday, and the total cost was about $820 CAD.  Yet flights by themselves cost more, about $860. I checked multiple websites, including Kayak, Expedia, and the ones Cheapflights forwarded me to.  How does that work? If I was just flying somewhere, I could book a hotel which I would not stay in simply to get a discount on the flight?   Also, why would people use services like airbnb in this case? Is my situation just rare/unique? 
31409	Why are flights with hotel bookings cheaper?	I booked a flight + 4 star hotel on Expedia on Thursday, arriving the following Sunday and checking out Monday, and the total cost was about $820 CAD.  Yet flights by themselves cost more, about $860. I checked multiple websites, including Kayak, Expedia, and the ones Cheapflights forwarded me to.  How does that work? If I was just flying somewhere, I could book a hotel which I would not stay in simply to get a discount on the flight?   Also, why would people use services like airbnb in this case? Is my situation just rare/unique? 
31414	Do I need a transit visa with an Indian passport?	I am travelling to Ibiza via London. I hold an Indian passport. The time difference between my flight from London to Ibiza is around 4 hours. Will I need a transit visa? 
31428	As European citizen (Italian), do I need a passport or ID card to get to Istanbul?	I'm a European Citizen (Italian), I'm planning to go to Istanbul in a very short time. I'm not sure I've time to make my passport, so I would like to know if I can get to Turkey with just my ID Card, valid for expatriation.  There is this answer which states that it is possible. However it is a bit outdated, things my have changed meanwhile. Also it doesn't report to any referenced official website.  Can you help me? 
31429	Can customs problems cause SSSS to be printed on boarding pass afterwards?	I was flying from Europe to the US. I waited in line to get my tickets (one from Europe to Canada and the other a connecting from Canada to US). The security check seemed normal for the first flight and there weren't problems until I got to US customs in Canada. I had forgotten to declare something that I had bought at a duty free store in the airport and apologized but then was sent to a separate area for more screening.   They did end up taking the chorizo I bought at the duty free store (I should have known better) but I was not fined. After that I noticed SSSS marked on my boarding pass (could have been added earlier I'm not sure). At each subsequent check point, my boarding pass was highlighted with a different color or given a special stamp. I am worried now that I'm on a list of some sort that is linked with my passport and that I will now have difficulties traveling in the future. Do you think the secondary inspection for customs would cause the label "SSSS"?   I then had problems the rest of the way home. I have flown international before and most of the flights we booked for this trip were one way as we weren't flying from the same places.  Is it possible that SSSS was added to my boarding pass at customs or was it added when I originally received it and did not notice it? 
31443	What Happens When a Wrapped Luggage is Opened by Security?	Some airports have machines to wrap luggage in plastic. Now, security can open luggage to look into it for security reasons.  What does security do if they want to open a wrapped suitcase or box? Do they re-wrap it? Tape it? 
31450	Traveling to India from USA with 2 laptops and an iPad	I'm sure this question has been asked many times, but having gone through all the different answers, I'm more confused than ever before. I'm traveling to India from USA (point of entry: Delhi). I have a 7 year old Sony VAIO laptop purchased in India that is now slightly damaged, so I want to take it with me and keep it at home. Someone there might repair it for a much cheaper price (as compared to in USA) and use it.   Since my own laptop is damaged, I purchased a secondhand Dell laptop on eBay recently, and I want to take it with me for the duration of my stay in India. I am a university student in the US, and need this laptop for my thesis work. However, since this laptop was purchased here in US, I'm not sure if I'll be allowed to get it through in customs at India. I'll be returning only with this laptop (duration of stay: 5 weeks).  The price of the laptop purchased at eBay is $199, and I have the invoice for this. I don't have an invoice for the Sony VAIO laptop. (It's been 7 years!)  Other than this, I also have a Samsung phone and an iPad (both purchased in India), and an iPod purchased in USA. At the time of purchase, the iPad was about Rs 44000/$700–$800. It's a 3rd gen iPad, so as of now its valuation might be much lesser.  Which items can I carry without running into customs hassles in India? 
31461	Staying more than 90 days in the Schengen area with a multiple-entry visa	I stayed in Italy for a total of 90 days with my 1-year multiple-entry visa. I came back on June 18th. Can I still go back and spend another 90 days this July. The visa will expire in January 2015. 
31461	Staying more than 90 days in the Schengen area with a multiple-entry visa	I stayed in Italy for a total of 90 days with my 1-year multiple-entry visa. I came back on June 18th. Can I still go back and spend another 90 days this July. The visa will expire in January 2015. 
31467	Traveling from the UK to Mexico via USA	I am traveling from the UK to Mexico via USA, do I need to apply for a visa waiver program (ESTA). 
31449	Best way to transfer Indian rupees to Bank of America?	I am travelling to USA for a stay about 1 year. I have recently opened an account in the bank of America. Now I want to deposit some cash for my stay in the same account. Please let me know the best possible way I can deposit my liquid INR to US$ in the bank of America account. 
31467	Traveling from the UK to Mexico via USA	I am traveling from the UK to Mexico via USA, do I need to apply for a visa waiver program (ESTA). 
31475	Can a US physician give a MRI referral that is valid in France?	I am currently in the US and I'll be in France for the summer. Can a physician in the US make a referral that I can use in France? If that matters, I have a French Social Security and the referral would be for a MRI.   I wonder whether the French Social Security will reimburse me with this prescription, just as if I had a prescription from a physician located in France.    To remove the myth around the French healthcare system, in case anyone suspect I am trying to take advantage of the French Social Security, here are the prices I would pay given my health insurances:   Cost of an MRI in France: 450 EUR without insurance, 300 EUR with my insurance (the cost varies depend on the lab so there might be cheaper, but often cheaper means longer waiting time, up to several months) Cost of an MRI in the US: 1800 USD without insurance, 50 USD with my insurance (appointment within the week). The appointment with the medical specialist is free (unlike most specialists in France).  Cost of an MRI in South Korea: 500 USD (appointment within the week).   I am insured in both France and the US, not in South Korea. 
31474	How much time do I require to make a connection in Munich airport?	Next month, I need to make a connection in Munich Airport. My flight arrives to Munich at 17:35 (Lufthansa). After that, I want to take a flight that departs at 18:25 (Vueling Airlines) so there is a window of 50 minutes between flights.  Is it sensible to book the second flight on the same day? (I want to avoid having to wait 1 day in Munich to flight the next day)  I know it takes some time to make the connections and go trough security (I'm not checking-in any bags). On small airports it is totally doable, but I'm not sure if that's the case in Munich (May be the departure gate is close to the arrivals or miles apart?)   Both flights are international but within the European Union (Austria  Germany  Italy) 
31474	How much time do I require to make a connection in Munich airport?	Next month, I need to make a connection in Munich Airport. My flight arrives to Munich at 17:35 (Lufthansa). After that, I want to take a flight that departs at 18:25 (Vueling Airlines) so there is a window of 50 minutes between flights.  Is it sensible to book the second flight on the same day? (I want to avoid having to wait 1 day in Munich to flight the next day)  I know it takes some time to make the connections and go trough security (I'm not checking-in any bags). On small airports it is totally doable, but I'm not sure if that's the case in Munich (May be the departure gate is close to the arrivals or miles apart?)   Both flights are international but within the European Union (Austria  Germany  Italy) 
31474	How much time do I require to make a connection in Munich airport?	Next month, I need to make a connection in Munich Airport. My flight arrives to Munich at 17:35 (Lufthansa). After that, I want to take a flight that departs at 18:25 (Vueling Airlines) so there is a window of 50 minutes between flights.  Is it sensible to book the second flight on the same day? (I want to avoid having to wait 1 day in Munich to flight the next day)  I know it takes some time to make the connections and go trough security (I'm not checking-in any bags). On small airports it is totally doable, but I'm not sure if that's the case in Munich (May be the departure gate is close to the arrivals or miles apart?)   Both flights are international but within the European Union (Austria  Germany  Italy) 
31488	Two trips to the USA 3 weeks apart under ESTA scheme	I am a British citizen visiting the USA in early August for a two week vacation with friends. After the holiday I'm returning to my home in the UK for three weeks. After that I will return to the USA and will be working for my British employer under the Visa Waiver Program for a period of 80-85 days.  I have read already that there is technically no problems with this under ESTA rules, but should I limit this working period to a shorter time frame (e.g. 70 or so days) so that it does not negatively affect the decision made by the POE officer? Ideally I would love to be over in the states for the near-full 85 day period.  Any advice or previous experiences anyone can offer?  Some clarifications: As confirmed by the immigration attorney, as I am employed by my UK employer, it will be regarded as a business trip, the important part being that I will be working officially as a consultant for my UK employer just overseas for the allotted 85 or so days 
31488	Two trips to the USA 3 weeks apart under ESTA scheme	I am a British citizen visiting the USA in early August for a two week vacation with friends. After the holiday I'm returning to my home in the UK for three weeks. After that I will return to the USA and will be working for my British employer under the Visa Waiver Program for a period of 80-85 days.  I have read already that there is technically no problems with this under ESTA rules, but should I limit this working period to a shorter time frame (e.g. 70 or so days) so that it does not negatively affect the decision made by the POE officer? Ideally I would love to be over in the states for the near-full 85 day period.  Any advice or previous experiences anyone can offer?  Some clarifications: As confirmed by the immigration attorney, as I am employed by my UK employer, it will be regarded as a business trip, the important part being that I will be working officially as a consultant for my UK employer just overseas for the allotted 85 or so days 
31503	Boarding station	I have booked a Tatkal Ticket online. Can I enter one station after the boarding station? 
31511	Travel when passport has been sent for renewal	I'm starting to worry a little. I have dual passports UK and Australia. I recently got married and had to apply for two new ones with my new name in. My Australian one was back in three weeks but my UK one has taken three months and has still not been processed due to the backlog in the UK.  My problem is I travel to the UK then to Portugal in five weeks am I able to travel there on just my Australian passport? Please help I cannot get anyone who knows and I've been left on hold for 45 mins to uk passport office… 
31536	How to get an entry permit for Myanmar in Mae Sai?	While doing research for an upcoming visa run to Myanmar, I was directed to a Wikivoyage article that indicates that Thai citizens can enter Myanmar without a passport:     If you are a Thai citizen, you can get a temporary border pass at the Immigration office about 2 km before the border on Pahonyotin Rd in Mae Sai for 30 baht. All you need is your bat prachachon (ID card).   This would be awesome, as it just so happens I'll have a Thai citizen accompanying me, and I bet she'd have a lot more fun exploring Tachileik with me than having to wait on the Thai side for me to clear immigration (:  Where is this immigration office, and what is the process that she will need to go through to get her temporary border pass? 
31540	Resident permit finishes, can I travel on 90 day visa	I am a New Zealander on a resident permit in Holland. When my permit expires I plan to be travelling through France. Is this ok under the 90 day visa? I am exiting the Schengen zone for a weekend in London soon but will re enter to Holland living for another month before leaving to France.. Am I ok?   Dates:  Permit expires 9/9/14 Will be in France 10/9/14 returning home to NZ from Spain on 16/9/14 Travelling outside of schengen zone 18/7/14 for a weekend.  
31546	Can I get in to London after being deported in Ireland?	I got deported from Ireland (Cork Airport) last year. The letter states:     MR FERNANDEZ THIS IS TO INFORM THE PERSON TO WHOM NOTICE IS ADDRESSED   THAT HE IS BEING REFUSED PERMISSION TO LAND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE   PROVISIONS OF IMMIGRATION ACT 2004 ON THE FOLLOWING GROUNDS..       K. THAT THERE IS REASON TO BELIEVE THAT THE NON NATIONAL INTENDS TO ENTER THE   STATE FOR PURPOSE OTHER THAN EXPRESSED BY THE NON NATIONAL.   So, what is this? I was deported or was refused to get in? Is it possible for me to get in to London after this? 
31515	Can you do a drivers test in the US to obtain a drivers license as a souvenir?	I have confidently driven in three States in the US with my EU licenses. However, like in the EU there are these little quirky differences for which it is impossible to know it all. The only solution is to drive defensive.   I would love to be able to do a drivers test to see how much I actually know about traffic regulations and a result obtain a drivers license. It would not only prove that with a EU drivers license it is safe to drive in the US, it was also be an awesome souvenir.   Can I do such a test as a tourist? 
31557	DATV visa application address	I decided to apply for a DATV visa for my upcoming trip from SAN to LHR to  Munich to LHR to Chennai, India. I have an Indian passport with a valid F1 and Schengen visa! I looked at the UK website, and I can't find the address to which I have to post my application to. Will I be given a visa at the visa application center in San Diego?  Here is a link to the previous question I posted and my complete trip itinerary: Transit visa requirements for Multi-Leg flights through Heathrow 
31567	ESTA Expiration to the day	Our two-year ESTA will expire on the plane journey home to Australia. Will this be considered OK at point of entry? 
31581	Restrictions on the amount of cash I can carry when entering the US?	I am a green card holder of USA, and I am travelling to India. While leaving India for the US, I want to carry dollars. What is the limit that I can carry to US, being a green card holder? 
31583	Validity of Schengen visa	I have a multiple entry Schengen visa issued by the German consulate in Kolkata that is valid until 26.08.2014. Does this mean I have return within 26.08.2014?   If I enter before 26.08.2014, then can I stay up to another 10/15 days? 
31581	Restrictions on the amount of cash I can carry when entering the US?	I am a green card holder of USA, and I am travelling to India. While leaving India for the US, I want to carry dollars. What is the limit that I can carry to US, being a green card holder? 
31591	Remaining Employed in Hong Kong While in Australia on a 417 Working Holiday Visa	I have applied for and obtained a type 417 Australia Working Holiday visa. However, should my company in Hong Kong be willing, could I continue working for them while in Australia? I can't find any material on it on the official site nor on various blogs and Q&amp;A posts around the web.  I am a Canadian citizen, for what it's worth, and I am not a Hong Kong citizen/resident.  See a similar question. 
31592	Visa requirement during a layover at a German airport for Colombian citizens flying to Turkey	My Mother would like to visit me in Istanbul, her flight is Miami-Frankfurt-Istanbul. Due to her Colombian nationality, does she requires a transit visa? 
31604	Transit visa for travel to US from India via Frankfurt and Zurich	I have a valid US visa and I will be travelling from Mumbai to US via Frankfurt and Zurich. Would I need a transit visa for either?  
31604	Transit visa for travel to US from India via Frankfurt and Zurich	I have a valid US visa and I will be travelling from Mumbai to US via Frankfurt and Zurich. Would I need a transit visa for either?  
31612	Can I take camping food in hand luggage?	Does the current 100ml limit stop me from taking camping food sachets in hand luggage?  I was looking at some today and noticed that the packets were measured in grams not millilitres. Does that mean that they're not liquids? They're really squidgy though so I can see them passing for liquids.  I guess it's up to the security on the day but I wondered if anyone had experience with this. 
14799	Traveling to tomorrow/yesterday	This question always comes to my mind and I cannot find a logical answer to it. We all know that there are some hours differ in the time if we travel from east to west or from west to east.  Suppose I am now at one of the most western countries (like Hawai) where the time is 7 PM on Saturday and I travel to one of the most eastern countries (Like Newsland) where the time would be around 6 PM on Sunday, would it be considered as traveling to tomorrow? 
31642	Leaving the US at the end of 90 days	I have a valid ESTA. My questions is, that if my 90 days ends on 1st of August and I have a ticket leaving the US on the same day, 1st of August, would it be ok? Or should I purchase a ticket a day before? Thanks 
31662	Traveling from Mexico to Amman; do I need a transit visa for CDG or LHR?	I am a Jordanian citizen living in Mexico. I will be traveling from Mexico to Amman, Jordan. Do I need a transit visa for CDG or LHR? I have less than a 24 hour layover. 
31663	Changing baggage final destination - hidden-city ticketing	I found a very reasonable flight from MEM to HKG that goes through NRT for only $977. Most flights that go to NRT now from MEM are around $2000 these days. So, I was wondering if I took the MEM to HKG and HKG to MEM round-trip flight, then I could change my baggage final destination to NRT instead of HKG and leave the airport when I get to NRT. Once I leave Japan, I could check-in at NRT and then just use MEM as my final destination. Is that a successful itinerary? What issues would there be? This is on Delta. 
31670	Two transits in Europe do I need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa?	I'm travel from Cairo to Rome and from Rome to Amsterdam to Canada two transits in Europe is that need a transit visa? Or any kind of Visa for just to be inside the two airports? I'm a permanent Resident of Canada and I travel with my Egyptian passport.  
31670	Two transits in Europe do I need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa?	I'm travel from Cairo to Rome and from Rome to Amsterdam to Canada two transits in Europe is that need a transit visa? Or any kind of Visa for just to be inside the two airports? I'm a permanent Resident of Canada and I travel with my Egyptian passport.  
33685	Can I buy pre-paid data plan in France for 4 weeks, without speaking French?	I am going to France (with a car) for just over 3 weeks. Is it possible to buy a pre-paid SIM card with Internet (around 500MB - 1GB), so I can use it with my phone? An important complication is that I don't speak French, so I am not able to register the SIM over the phone (unless there is an option to do it in English).  This question seems relevant: Can I buy a prepaid mobile data plan while on route in France?  But the FrenchConnection website doesn't work and other answers seem to either be out of date (looking at the comments) or refer to websites in French.  
31659	Lisbon layover of 20 hours with a Colombian passport, no visa	I am going from Istanbul to Miami and have to stay in the Lisbon airport for 20 hours until my next flight departs to Miami.  I am a Colombian citizen with a US residency but since I was only going to be there for transit, I did not apply for a Uniform 'C' visa. Unfortunately, I wasn't expecting my layover to be so long.  Now, I can't leave the airport since I would require a Uniform 'C' Schengen visa if I was to leave, which I cannot get because it is too late now.  Thus, Are there any issues I can run into at the Lisbon airport considering that my stay will be about 20 hours long and will be overnight? 
33686	I need to book a round-trip ticket and a one-way ticket on the same flight?	I'm trying to book a flight for two people including myself. My partner is flying from Manchester to Boston on the 6 November, and I'm flying back with him to Manchester on the 15 November (this date is flexible, but not any later than 16 November, because of work). Is there a way to do this so that we can be on the same flight back?  I found a round-trip flight for him that's $710. However, a one-way flight for me on this flight is around $1345. I found this price by going to the airline's website and checking those flights.  Is there some option that I'm not considering in this situation?  
33692	Entering Schengen from one country and exiting TO a different country	I am US resident and Indian citizen (on US student visa), who is currently in Zambia for 2 months. I am planning to visit Europe before I go back to the US. I am applying for the Schengen visa in Zambia to visit Europe (Germany, Italy, France).  Is it possible for me exit Schengen to US, but not to Zambia, who actually granted my visa? 
33720	Entry to U.S with criminal record	Six or seven years ago I was in the USA for W&amp;T programme. I did a very stupid thing and was convicted for petty theft in Florida. I still have a pending fine, around 400 USD. I came back to my home country and tried to forget everything that happened.   A month ago I urgently needed to go for a business trip to the  US (for a couple of days) and started to do the application for a B1 visa. Today, I surprisingly have my B1 visa, and I even noticed on the DS-160 form that a criminal record may exist. For the moment, I do not know the exact status of my case (filed/open/past due and etc), so I think that the officer just did not find any records, because they didn't look deeper.  Now I am worried about entering the US. Yes I have a valid visa, but they could deny entry, am I right?  
33701	Sleep/stay at the Stuttgart airport without a visa	I am from Brazil and I am going to work in Germany for 6 months. My insurance coverage starts on August 1, but because of the high prices I bought my airline ticket for July 30. I will get to Stuttgart on the next day (July 31).  Today I was informed at the embassy that I am not allowed to do that because my visa will only become valid on August 1 due to the insurance coverage period.  So in case I am not able to change my insurance on time, am I allowed to sleep at the airport until the next day? Or at least wait there for a few hours (I will get there at 6:35 pm, so it would be for less than 6 hours)?  Edit: I changed my insurance coverage. I'm now in Germany and I entered without any problems. In the end they didn't ask for an insurance neither in Brazil nor in Germany, just checked my passport. 
33710	Airport transit visa requirement for a Bangladeshi national flying from London to Toronto over Paris	I am a Bangladeshi national traveling from London to Toronto, Canada through CDG Paris, France by Air France. My transit time at CDG is 4h55m. Do I need an airport transit visa for this travel? 
33761	Crossing the Rainbow Bridge canada to USA	Crossing the Rainbow Bridge Canada to USA  I'm visiting friend in Canada for a couple of month..  I have a Canadian Visa and Im from Lusaka and I do have a valid Passport.. We want to go see Both sides of Niagara Fall..   Will I be able allowed to walk over the Rainbow Bridge to the USA sid of the falls and back to Canada??  A similar question was asked by a Canadian citizen that only need a passport..  Im not a Canadian citizen ,  thank you 
33769	Asking about transit visa traveling from Nigeria to Canada with a Canadian passport	Does a Canadian passport holder need a transit visa for a London transit when traveling from Nigeria to Toronto, Canada? 
33686	I need to book a round-trip ticket and a one-way ticket on the same flight?	I'm trying to book a flight for two people including myself. My partner is flying from Manchester to Boston on the 6 November, and I'm flying back with him to Manchester on the 15 November (this date is flexible, but not any later than 16 November, because of work). Is there a way to do this so that we can be on the same flight back?  I found a round-trip flight for him that's $710. However, a one-way flight for me on this flight is around $1345. I found this price by going to the airline's website and checking those flights.  Is there some option that I'm not considering in this situation?  
33777	Change of plans: Going to another country with a single-entry Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from a Swiss Embassy. Can I use it to enter France as my first entry to the Schengen area? 
33777	Change of plans: Going to another country with a single-entry Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from a Swiss Embassy. Can I use it to enter France as my first entry to the Schengen area? 
33777	Change of plans: Going to another country with a single-entry Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from a Swiss Embassy. Can I use it to enter France as my first entry to the Schengen area? 
33777	Change of plans: Going to another country with a single-entry Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from a Swiss Embassy. Can I use it to enter France as my first entry to the Schengen area? 
33784	Travel Portable Battery	I travel a lot but I only carry a single carry-on with my laptop, camera and cellphone. I already have an external USB battery pack for my cellphone but I cannot charge my Macbook, nor my Nikon D3 with it. I was wondering if it was possible to buy an external battery pack - something like a power adapter except it also stores power and has not only USB outlets to charge my cellphone but also AC outlets to charge my laptop. Is it legal to carry such a battery in my carry-on? Is it too heavy? What are some recommended products or brands? I searched on Amazon and I could not find such a thing (only found results to microUSB charge cellphones). What term should I search for on Amazon? 
33785	Going to UK for 1 night with only 3 days left on visa	I have been in/out visiting the UK. I am planning to go to the UK again on August 24 just to join the one day tennis tournament and back to Ireland the next day, the 25th of August, but my UK visa will expire on August 26. Is it still OK to visit the UK? 
33808	do i have to retrieve my luggage and re check in upon arrival at usa?	I will be travelling to Buffalo, NY via Qatar airlines from Malaysia. Its like K.Lumpur - Doha - JFK, NY - Buffalo, NY.  I'm flying under a code sharing flight between Qatar n Jetblue from JFK to Buffalo. Do I have to reclaim my luggage n re check all over again upon my first arrival at JFK airport? 
33831	Exchanging USD for ARS tips	So I'm heading to Argentina next week, and whilst there's heaps of advice on SE about taking USD cash and exchanging at the arbolitos for the blue dollar, I was wondering if anyone has any tips/locations/things to look out for when I do this? I've heard you can be ripped off, so as a single female non-Spanish speaking traveler I'm just wanting to be cautious. Especially looking for advice from someone who has traveled to Buenos Aires recently please. 
33856	Valid F1 visa (in passport): Transit visa through Frankfurt?	I have a valid student F1 visa in my passport (till June 2016) and am currently working on OPT cap gap. My H1 visa begins on 1st October. I will be traveling through Frankfurt to India (Indian passport holder) on October 4th.  Will I be exempt from a transit visa since my F1 visa in passport is still valid and that I'll be traveling within 4 days of expiry of my opt cap gap. 
33864	Documents necessary (and recommended) for first time travel to EU for US Citizen	My fiancée who is an American citizen is travelling to visit me in France. Since I am not an American citizen and am from South Asia, working in France, I have no experience in advising her or searching for "what documentation is necessary" for her to travel to Europe.  I only know from Wikipedia's entry on visa requirements for US citizens, visaHQ's drop down menus and one of the French consulate's website that she is entitled to visa-free travel to France (among a bunch of other countries). I also find that she does not need ESTA.  However, since I have always been subject to visa rules wherever I have travelled, I just wanted to be doubly sure that she was in the clear to travel to Europe/France with ONLY a US passport.  Does she need any other method of authorization or travel document or other recommended documents? What should she carry with her in form of documentation? She is planning on staying here for 3 weeks (~23 days) so I am sure she doesn't need a long stay visa.  Additional questions   Would my fiancée need travel specific health insurance similar to it being required for South Asians travelling to Europe for tourism? What about a certificate of finances? She has minimal finances so would it be ok for me to provide her with my bank statement as I would be doing the "spending"?  
33856	Valid F1 visa (in passport): Transit visa through Frankfurt?	I have a valid student F1 visa in my passport (till June 2016) and am currently working on OPT cap gap. My H1 visa begins on 1st October. I will be traveling through Frankfurt to India (Indian passport holder) on October 4th.  Will I be exempt from a transit visa since my F1 visa in passport is still valid and that I'll be traveling within 4 days of expiry of my opt cap gap. 
31624	Search engine for stop over possibilites	I am planning a flight from Auckland to Europe and am trying to find out which places are convenient to stop over. I once knew a website where you can simply enter the two airports, and it shows you all the possible stop overs you can have with different airlines, but I  can't find this site anymore. The site should be less about finding cheap flights (which would be an awesome bonus, of course) but more about finding places to visit in between. Any idea where to find something like this? 
31624	Search engine for stop over possibilites	I am planning a flight from Auckland to Europe and am trying to find out which places are convenient to stop over. I once knew a website where you can simply enter the two airports, and it shows you all the possible stop overs you can have with different airlines, but I  can't find this site anymore. The site should be less about finding cheap flights (which would be an awesome bonus, of course) but more about finding places to visit in between. Any idea where to find something like this? 
7522	Affordable way to visit USA from UK?	I am based in the UK (London) but would love to spend more time in the USA after spending three weeks there on my honeymoon last year. I am even vaguely thinking about trying to visit all 50 states (say over the next five years).  However, there's no way we could afford to repeat what we did for our honeymoon, which was essentially to have a travel agent draw up and book a three week itinerary for us.  So I am looking for any advice on how my wife and I might get over to the States more affordably - and as I'd like to see as much of the country as possible, anywhere would do. Getting there seems to be the biggest problem, as flights seem to start from at least £500 per person, but I would also welcome advice on minimizing the costs of accomodation, internal travel etc.  Also, are there parts of the country that would be cheaper to visit from the UK than others? 
10182	Is the reciprocity fee for US citizens only charged if you arrive at Santiago International Airport?	According to the US State Department website (emphasis mine):     A Tourist Card will be issued for a stay of up to 90 days upon payment of a reciprocity fee, currently US $160. Currently, the fee is only charged at the Santiago International Airport. Payment can be made in U.S. currency or by credit card.   Does this mean that if I were to enter Chile via other means (e.g., a different airport or via overland travel) that I would not be required to pay the reciprocity fee?  Or would I be required to make arrangements to pay the fee before I arrived? 
33936	Can I get a UAE visa in a passport that expires 4 months after intended travel	I am flying into Dubai on the 5th of August and leaving on the 8th of August. Will I be able to get a visa for Dubai even though my passport expires on the 31st of January 2015? I am a South African citizen.  I will also be traveling to the UK and have received my visa for entry. I am not sure if I apply for a new passport this will mean I will have to get a new visa for the UK in the new passport as well.  
33949	London to Chennai, with two stops inside the Schengen area?	I was trying to book a flight from London to Chennai. The cheapest air ticket was the one that has two stops, first at Berlin and then at Frankfurt. I hold an Indian passport and a UK work visa. My Question is should I get a visa for such a travel to stay in the airport? Or it is not required because it is only in transit?  By the way, the airlines from London to Berlin is German Wings and the other part of the journey is with Lufthansa (Berlin - Frankfurt - Chennai). Are there any restrictions? I was not able to google this information easily. 
33949	London to Chennai, with two stops inside the Schengen area?	I was trying to book a flight from London to Chennai. The cheapest air ticket was the one that has two stops, first at Berlin and then at Frankfurt. I hold an Indian passport and a UK work visa. My Question is should I get a visa for such a travel to stay in the airport? Or it is not required because it is only in transit?  By the way, the airlines from London to Berlin is German Wings and the other part of the journey is with Lufthansa (Berlin - Frankfurt - Chennai). Are there any restrictions? I was not able to google this information easily. 
33956	Do I need a transit visa through London from India to Toronto?	I am going to Toronto from India. But I have to change my flight at a London airport. Do I need a transit visa? My connecting flight is from the same airport, but a different terminal. 
33956	Do I need a transit visa through London from India to Toronto?	I am going to Toronto from India. But I have to change my flight at a London airport. Do I need a transit visa? My connecting flight is from the same airport, but a different terminal. 
33969	Can I travel to amsterdam as a first port of entry via a visa issued by spain?	Please note that I'm staying in Amsterdam for 4 days and then going to Spain for 10 days. 
33969	Can I travel to amsterdam as a first port of entry via a visa issued by spain?	Please note that I'm staying in Amsterdam for 4 days and then going to Spain for 10 days. 
33969	Can I travel to amsterdam as a first port of entry via a visa issued by spain?	Please note that I'm staying in Amsterdam for 4 days and then going to Spain for 10 days. 
33960	Flying to Japan from Canada in mid-September, best time to buy?	1) I'm flying to Japan from Canada in mid-September. When is the best time to buy?   I always hear different things. Early? Late? Certain time specific to the season?  I found a decent ticket, 12 hours, direct from YVR to NRT, for $1200 CAD. Thinking I should snatch that up.  2) A friend may want to come with me by buying a ticket in 1 month from now. Does it sound like it should be OK?    I figure he probably can't get the seat beside me at that time, or maybe even the same plane 
34001	Short stay transit visa at Narita Airport, Japan	I am a Filipino and traveling to the USA on a K-1 visa with a stop in Narita.  My layover is 3 hours, do I need a short stay transit visa?   
34036	valid UK visa in canceled passport	I have to travel to London later this month. But I just got my passport renewed and so the passport which contains my visa is now canceled. I have all the old passports and my existing fresh one too. So is it a problem if my existing visa is on a canceled passport? What do I need to do? 
34038	Transit visa in Amsterdam for a Namibian citizen?	I'm a Namibian passport holder, I'm travelling from England via Amsterdam to South Africa. Do I need an airport transit visa for Amsterdam airport? 
34046	Searching for internal bus connections in Germany	How to search for internal bus connections in Germany, for example between Munich and Berlin?  The question on Travel.SE about cheap bus lines gives many bus companies that offer inter-Germany bus connections. So if I'd like to find best connection for me (which could be by price, but as well by the departure/arrival hour) I'd have to go to all of the sites and check.  Are there some aggregating sites for Germany, where I can find all connections from all companies for given route? For Poland for example, there are sites like e-Podroznik 
34046	Searching for internal bus connections in Germany	How to search for internal bus connections in Germany, for example between Munich and Berlin?  The question on Travel.SE about cheap bus lines gives many bus companies that offer inter-Germany bus connections. So if I'd like to find best connection for me (which could be by price, but as well by the departure/arrival hour) I'd have to go to all of the sites and check.  Are there some aggregating sites for Germany, where I can find all connections from all companies for given route? For Poland for example, there are sites like e-Podroznik 
34058	How to get from Courmayeur to Milano?	I don't speak Italian but I found some connections from Courmayeur to Milano. Option with train is long, uncomfortable (4 changes) and expensive in comparison to one-change bus connection, but I can't buy tickets in advance via WWW and don't know if there will be enough seats for my group.  I don't know this country, so I'm afraid if it is wise to count on enough seats and just come to the bus at the right time… In addition, there could be some delays because of bike rides as far as I know. Are there some ways to buy tickets on the spot? Maybe ways to book? We can't be too late to Milano. 
34060	Transiting in the US with a soon-to-expire passport?	I am holding a HKSAR passport and am currently residing in Canada. I am travelling back home this November and had my tickets bought. I am having a layover in Seattle during my way back to Hong Kong. My passport, however, is expiring by the end of the year. I understand that for normal travelling I will need to have at least 6 months validity on my passport before I can entre the States. Does this also apply to layover flights?  I am hoping to renew my passport once I arrive home in Hong Kong but if I am not allowed to board then I will need to figure something out. 
34066	How can I extend my stay within the Schengen area -- apply for a second visa?	So my problem is that I have a Schengen Visa delivered by the Spanish Embassy, valid from August 01st 2014 to September 19th with a 35 days stay duration with one entry. I'm gonna be in Spain from August 3rd until September 6th, which is the limit of my 35 days, and then I want to go to Germany to stay there for some time.  Can I apply for a Schengen visa from German Embassy from 6th or 7th of September?   If yes, will I have to leave the Schengen space and return to it? 
34072	Prepaid SIM card for Austrian local calls	I've just moved to Austria visiting my parents/friends and I am wondering could you help me to find the best deal while I am here approx. for 3-4 months?   I want to make just local calls without data transaction, but I want to call other providers as well tethering, www, etc.   I am curious what is the best deal I checked some service provider, but I don't want to pay 50 euros activation cost + the regular taxes(10 euro/moth) for using the phone for 3 moths.  Ps: My question isn't that question duplicate. I just want to call several service provider at the cheapest price for a few month without international call or data transfer. 
34077	Bringing mobile bought in US to india	I have bought a mobile through a friend in the US. What is the best way to get it to India without getting into trouble while departure from US and on arrival to India (customs)? 
34091	Weekly transportation pass in Rome	I would like to travel to Rome in mid-September for one week with my family. Hence I am thinking of buying a weekly public transport pass. However I would like to know the range I can travel with this pass. For example if I want to visit the sea for one or two days, is this weekly pass valid? 
34098	Do I need to show amount of money at airport in France?	I want to travel to France for 2 weeks vacation as a tourist.  But since my trip is a sudden one, I am planning to stay in a hotel for a few days then will be meeting a few friends there.  Will they ask me a full paid 2 weeks booking confirmation? Is 1500 euro enough to show at the airport?   
9926	London Heathrow airport - do I need a transit visa?	I am traveling from the US to India via London Heathrow on November 6. I will be at LHR on 7th at 6:20 am and departing at 9:25 pm. I'm an Indian national and have a valid US visa.  Do I need a transit visa to stay airside?  I have been scared that British Airways have stopped a few people from boarding flights (no details just rumors).  Do I need a transit visa to stay landside? I want to do some sightseeing. What are the chances of getting past officials using transit without visa concession?  Real stories will help a lot to calm the butterflies in my stomach. 
34103	Lost passport with Schengen visa but want to continue traveling	I had a 90 days Schengen visa, but unluckily I lost my passport along with my Schengen visa in Berlin a month ago. I've been staying in Germany for the whole month. Now I've obtained a new passport from my own country's consulate. Can I use this new passport + police report + photo copy of my lost Schengen visa to go outside Germany and visit other Schengen countries? I didn't find any exact regulations for that, so can anyone help me out? 
34103	Lost passport with Schengen visa but want to continue traveling	I had a 90 days Schengen visa, but unluckily I lost my passport along with my Schengen visa in Berlin a month ago. I've been staying in Germany for the whole month. Now I've obtained a new passport from my own country's consulate. Can I use this new passport + police report + photo copy of my lost Schengen visa to go outside Germany and visit other Schengen countries? I didn't find any exact regulations for that, so can anyone help me out? 
34111	Do I need a Transit visa	Hey I'm traveling to Canada via LAX from Australia on a non connecting flight. Do I need a visa for the USA in this case, or can I change flights without a visa 
34124	Visa needed for Spain & Morocco	My daughter is on a British passport, I am on a South African passport, living in UK on an ancestral visa.  If we travel to Spain and Morocco must I get a visa for each country? 
34128	about visa entry and exit	im a indian citizen. i am holding a schengen visa through portugal. due to some circumstances i am not visiting portugal now and visiting other schengen countries like Germany and Hungary. would that be a problem at immigration? 
22394	Travelling from US to Sri Lanka, do I need transit visa for Canada?	Passport : Sri Lankan Holding a valid US Visa (F1). Spending only 3.15 hours at Toronto Airport. Flying in through United and leaving to my next layover (London) in Air Canada. 
34117	5-day training in NYC	I have a tourist visa in the US and was planning to return months from now, but it will be just for 2 weeks. 1 week vacation and I have seen a course in coursehorse.com for application development which runs for just 5 days. Do I need a separate student visa just for a 5-day course? Will they require it when I enroll? I have sent an email to the course site, but I didn't get any response. I hope I can get an answer from here. 
34164	UK visa exemptions residence permit EEA	Do i need a transit visa for a flight that goes from Belgium to Ecuador and has a stop on London? I have a Belgian Residence Permit valid for a year because I'm a student, I have only the Residence Permit card and the visa in my passport is expired. 
34179	Can I own a French registered car as a non-resident?	I would love to drive through Brazil and Suriname starting from French Guyana. However, renting a car to do this proved to be impossible. There are ferries between France and Suriname and a bridge between France and Brazil. This implies French registered car do cross  the border to Brazil and Suriname.  If I am not a resident of France, would I be able to buy a second hand car, insure it and cross the border to Brazil and or Suriname? 
34186	Do I need a transit visa at Heathrow?	I and my family (wife and kid) will be travelling from US to India via UK. We have a 2 hour layover at London Heathrow and arriving/departing from the same terminal (5). I had an F1 (student visa) for US which has expired now and I am on H1B (wife on H4) and we both have documents confirming our legal status in the US, our kid is US citizen so he is covered. The question I have is that whether we will need a transit visa (DATV) for our transit through Heathrow? We will not even be changing terminal. The DATV exemption guidelines are not very clear. Please share your experiences/thoughts. Also, while transiting through Heathrow, at which point will they look for transit visa if we don't have to go through passport control or immigration? Many thanks in advance. 
34189	Is 2hr25 sufficient for switching from an international flight (EWR Term. B) to a domestic flight (EWR Term C)?	To start with, thank you for taking the time to read and answer my question!  I will be arriving by BA at Terminal B of EWR at 14:05 from India (the flight stops at Heathrow). I will then have to go to Terminal C of EWR for my United flight that leaves at 16:30 to Syracuse. I would like to know if the following itinerary could be followed:   Arrive at 14:05. Immigration and Baggage taken by 15:30 (SUPER MAX). Take AirTrain from Terminal B of EWR to Terminal C of EWR (10 minutes, i.e. I'll be there by 15:45 maximum). At Terminal C, check into flight to Syracuse by 16:00. Flight to Syracuse leaves at 16:30.   Would I need more time at the Immigration counters or while collecting my baggage? Finally, would I be able to reach the terminal C on time for my next flight and be able to go through the security and complete the other measures on time? Once again, thank you! 
34196	How to take care of my bags with a 2:45h break in a train journey in Seattle?	I have a ticket booked from Vancouver to Portland in August with a three hour break between 11:15am and 2pm in Seattle. I'd like to try and fit in as much as I can (including some lunch) but I'm not sure whether I will can do with my bags - can I check them straight back in or indeed check them through and not have to do anything with them? How much time out of the station will I realistically have and what essential sights should I think about reaching? 
34213	Filling in Schengen Visa paperwork: what is my member state of first entry?	While filling in the paperwork for a Schengen Visa with the Embassy of Poland, there is a column that asks for the "member state of first entry" to be entered.    My flight has a 2 hour transit layover in Vienna, and then continues on to Warsaw, Poland. Would the member state of first entry be Austria, or Poland? 
34213	Filling in Schengen Visa paperwork: what is my member state of first entry?	While filling in the paperwork for a Schengen Visa with the Embassy of Poland, there is a column that asks for the "member state of first entry" to be entered.    My flight has a 2 hour transit layover in Vienna, and then continues on to Warsaw, Poland. Would the member state of first entry be Austria, or Poland? 
34231	Problem on overstay regarding the new law that would start on the 12th of August in Thailand	I am a teacher in the North. I have a friend who also is a teacher; he is having an overstay issue because he was very sick so he could not go to Malaysia after he finished to sign the contract to teach. He is welling to pay the charges on overstay but he is afraid about the new law that was just implemented on overstay in Thailand.  If it has already been put in place or it will be put in place only on August 12th. We want to know if there is any possibility to travel to Malaysia within this period - that is before august 12 - to get a non b. Is it possible? Please we need your help. We know overstay is against the law but there are situations you can not control them by yourself it is natural. We will be very grateful to have a solution towards the issue at hand and how can we go about it without any problem. 
34249	travel to schengen countries more than once from UK	If I have multiple entry visa for schengen and i am Indian staying in UK can i travel to schengen countries more than once from UK till the VISA is valid? 
34246	Travel from London to Paris or Zurich by train without a Schengen visa	As an Indian citizen, if I travel through train (Eurostar) from London to either Paris or Zurich, would I require a Schengen visa?  I am on a trip with family to London. We all want to explore some cities of Europe, but we have just applied for UK visas. 
34249	travel to schengen countries more than once from UK	If I have multiple entry visa for schengen and i am Indian staying in UK can i travel to schengen countries more than once from UK till the VISA is valid? 
34263	Best way, and how much time to allow, from Heathrow Airport to Waterloo Station?	And is Waterloo the right station for a train to Corbridge?  (They need to come into London first to do some on-arrival shopping and to store a bag they won't need until they get back to London, so I think that does mean finding a "central" station...) 
34258	Will this be considered sufficient proof of onward travel?	I'm from Singapore and planning a tour of Europe, landing at Paris and taking a train around several Schengen countries before departing at Rome. If I buy a one-way Singapore-Paris ticket and another one-way Rome-Singapore ticket, is that sufficient proof of onward travel out of the Schengen area or do I need a ticket out of France when arriving in Paris?  
34291	Rome - circumventing ticket lines. Is it even possible?	We are two non-european adults over the age of 30 spending 4 days between the 10th and the 14th of Aug 2014 in Rome, Italy. Given our nationalities and age, we are probably not eligible for any free entry in the museums and historical sites in Rome.  What tickets (museum entry and public transport) should we and can we buy online to circumvent lines? I know from experience that just buying tickets online doesn't help. After that one would need to find a pick-up point for tickets which may not always be near the place of interest or be closed!  Is it worth investing in the 2/4 day Roma pass? Should we be worried about closures of sites on Sundays or Mondays? We are going to stay about 100 meters from the Colosseum, in case this information is pertinent.  Edit:  I just realized that asking "is it even possible" can be quite subjective. So I would like add: Is it even possible? If so, what "timing", "advanced purchases" and "circumstances" may we use to avoid long ticket lines? 
34316	Ferries from Europe to Kingston, Jamaica and Port of Spain, Trinidad & Tobago	I am trying to find out if there is any chance to travel to either Jamaica or Trinidad by ferry from anywhere in Europe. I would rather avoid long-haul flights... Any tips would be most appreciated, many thanks! PS: I only need it one-way. 
34316	Ferries from Europe to Kingston, Jamaica and Port of Spain, Trinidad & Tobago	I am trying to find out if there is any chance to travel to either Jamaica or Trinidad by ferry from anywhere in Europe. I would rather avoid long-haul flights... Any tips would be most appreciated, many thanks! PS: I only need it one-way. 
34322	Schengen Visa, need suggestion	My present visa expires on Dec-31-2014. I still have one entry allowing me to stay in EU for 80days. I plan enter EU country on Dec-01-2014, If I get a new visa effective from Jan 01, 2015, Am I allowed to stay from Dec-01-2014 until middle of Jan, 2015 without flying out of EU on Dec-31-2014? 
34318	Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?	I have an upcoming travel for a conference in country A. But their consulate is pretty busy and I would like to get my visa sooner.  Can I go to the consulate of a different country B which doesn't need appointment for visa applications and get my visa from there? I can schedule to be in A for 5 days and in B for 7 days.  What if I change my plans later not to visit country B at all and go a country C or just stay in A the whole time? Will there be issues when entering or exiting Schengen states?    EDIT: I called consulate of country B and talked with the visa officer. He told me since you are visiting country A for a conference that is your main destination even though you spend more time in A. He said the rules say: 1. main destination 2. if no, longest stay 3. if no, entrance. He told me that he is reluctant to issue me a visa and asked me to contact country A's consulate, if they don't take the application he will review it.  I called consulate of country A. First the operator told me to go to B then after telling her that I am going to A for business (conference), she told me that I should apply at theirs (A).  Looks like the key thing here is the conference not where I spend most of my time. 
34318	Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?	I have an upcoming travel for a conference in country A. But their consulate is pretty busy and I would like to get my visa sooner.  Can I go to the consulate of a different country B which doesn't need appointment for visa applications and get my visa from there? I can schedule to be in A for 5 days and in B for 7 days.  What if I change my plans later not to visit country B at all and go a country C or just stay in A the whole time? Will there be issues when entering or exiting Schengen states?    EDIT: I called consulate of country B and talked with the visa officer. He told me since you are visiting country A for a conference that is your main destination even though you spend more time in A. He said the rules say: 1. main destination 2. if no, longest stay 3. if no, entrance. He told me that he is reluctant to issue me a visa and asked me to contact country A's consulate, if they don't take the application he will review it.  I called consulate of country A. First the operator told me to go to B then after telling her that I am going to A for business (conference), she told me that I should apply at theirs (A).  Looks like the key thing here is the conference not where I spend most of my time. 
34318	Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?	I have an upcoming travel for a conference in country A. But their consulate is pretty busy and I would like to get my visa sooner.  Can I go to the consulate of a different country B which doesn't need appointment for visa applications and get my visa from there? I can schedule to be in A for 5 days and in B for 7 days.  What if I change my plans later not to visit country B at all and go a country C or just stay in A the whole time? Will there be issues when entering or exiting Schengen states?    EDIT: I called consulate of country B and talked with the visa officer. He told me since you are visiting country A for a conference that is your main destination even though you spend more time in A. He said the rules say: 1. main destination 2. if no, longest stay 3. if no, entrance. He told me that he is reluctant to issue me a visa and asked me to contact country A's consulate, if they don't take the application he will review it.  I called consulate of country A. First the operator told me to go to B then after telling her that I am going to A for business (conference), she told me that I should apply at theirs (A).  Looks like the key thing here is the conference not where I spend most of my time. 
34318	Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?	I have an upcoming travel for a conference in country A. But their consulate is pretty busy and I would like to get my visa sooner.  Can I go to the consulate of a different country B which doesn't need appointment for visa applications and get my visa from there? I can schedule to be in A for 5 days and in B for 7 days.  What if I change my plans later not to visit country B at all and go a country C or just stay in A the whole time? Will there be issues when entering or exiting Schengen states?    EDIT: I called consulate of country B and talked with the visa officer. He told me since you are visiting country A for a conference that is your main destination even though you spend more time in A. He said the rules say: 1. main destination 2. if no, longest stay 3. if no, entrance. He told me that he is reluctant to issue me a visa and asked me to contact country A's consulate, if they don't take the application he will review it.  I called consulate of country A. First the operator told me to go to B then after telling her that I am going to A for business (conference), she told me that I should apply at theirs (A).  Looks like the key thing here is the conference not where I spend most of my time. 
34318	Getting Schengen visa from a European country without stepping foot into it?	I have an upcoming travel for a conference in country A. But their consulate is pretty busy and I would like to get my visa sooner.  Can I go to the consulate of a different country B which doesn't need appointment for visa applications and get my visa from there? I can schedule to be in A for 5 days and in B for 7 days.  What if I change my plans later not to visit country B at all and go a country C or just stay in A the whole time? Will there be issues when entering or exiting Schengen states?    EDIT: I called consulate of country B and talked with the visa officer. He told me since you are visiting country A for a conference that is your main destination even though you spend more time in A. He said the rules say: 1. main destination 2. if no, longest stay 3. if no, entrance. He told me that he is reluctant to issue me a visa and asked me to contact country A's consulate, if they don't take the application he will review it.  I called consulate of country A. First the operator told me to go to B then after telling her that I am going to A for business (conference), she told me that I should apply at theirs (A).  Looks like the key thing here is the conference not where I spend most of my time. 
34325	What company to use for a flight Paris-Dublin?	I have to buy a flight from Paris to Dublin, but I don't know which company to use.  I've heard of Ryan Air, Aer Lingus and Air France. The problem is that I will have a carry-on luggage and a checked baggage (probably heavy). And I've heard that Ryan Air is surcharging on overweight luggage, I don't know for Aer Lingus and Air France is the most expensive, so I'd like to avoid it.  Can anyone who knows well this companies advice me? 
34346	uk visa but couldn't travel	I am from Nigeria, and I have UK visa to visit for 6 months. I didn't use it to travel because I am pregnant and due for delivery. My doctor says I can't travel. Will I be able to get another visa when next I want to travel again? I don't know if this will affect my chance of getting another visa. 
34384	What's the best way to take a cold shower?	This is a question that most people probably never think about, because it's an every-day thing.  But for many of us, such as myself, who grew up in more western cultures, with more modern conveniences, visiting places that don't have hot water can be quite an adjustment, perhaps even more difficult than learning to use a new type of toilet.  I know that not everyone handles cold showers the same. Some people dread them, others think nothing of them.  How can I learn to be in the latter category?  What physiological, mental or physical techniques exist that make cold showers more enjoyable? 
25207	Why do you need a valid US visa as an Indian citizen, to transit via Europe?	This was catalyzed by a question on the need for a Schengen visa for Indian citizens and the discussion that followed.   The question I posed is:     I have a valid US (F1) visa. Does that mean I can transit this way:   India-EU-Madagascar (because that's the cheapest ticket - hypothetical situation). Then   what? What does having a valid US (F1) visa have to do with transiting   via/through EU. A valid US F1 visa doesn't mean one can enter the USA.   As a student you also need a valid I-20. So to reiterate: why the   rule about US visa = no need for EU transit visa?   Besides hearsay (which I am open to as long as it is rational ;)), is there some link/article that explains this requirement?  
18930	Good aurora viewing areas around Tromso accessible by public transport?	Hopefully this isn't a duplicate of this existing question: Tromsø for the Aurora Borealis in March  My question is whether it is possible to travel to areas in or around Tromso on public transport?  Are there places people can recommend outside of the light pollution of the city centre which are accessible by public transport in the evenings or later at night?  We will be based in the city centre and don't mind walking a couple of miles.  We are thinking of going in either February or March. 
34468	Can I drive a Dutch friend's car in the Netherlands?	Rumours go that as a non-resident it is forbidden to drive a Dutch registered car in the Netherlands, with rental cars being the exception. The rumours continue that this even applies to Dutch citizens, who got their initial drivers license in the Netherlands, but now live abroad. Being an example of the latter, I am wondering how factual these rumours are.   The other way around, i.e. letting a Dutch friend drive my Belgian registered car in the Netherlands is forbidden on the grounds that it is considered tax evasion. The Netherlands has a hefty car tax called (BPM) which is easily evaded by driving a car from a neighbouring country.  However, that does not apply to me driving a Dutch registered car in the Netherlands. I don't see how I would be evading taxes.   This topic is quite extensively discussed on different fora, but what is said in different posts is quite contradictory.   Does anyone know an authoritative answer on this matter.   Since I like traveling, it would be nice if the answer applies to the rest of the EU, or even the world.  
34461	Shipping luggage vs. checking it for US domestic air travel	I heard recently that, when traveling domestically in the U.S., it is better to ship your bags using a courier service rather than check them in. According to the source, this has three advantages:   Not having to pay extra to check in bags. Avoiding the possibility of lost bags as bags are "frequently" mishandled. Skipping the rush and confusion at baggage carousels at airports and exiting right out, finding that the bags have been already set in the hotel room by staff.   Is this a viable idea, and has anyone had success with it? Out of curiosity, what shipping company did you use and how much did you save (versus paying to check them in)?  I'm thinking of using USPS Priority Mail (2-day service to my destination) Large Flat Rate Box and using Space Bags to compact my clothing while still remaining under the (fairly generous) 70-pound weight limit.  Anyway, is shipping your bags to your destination a viable idea, and is it certainly better than checking bags in? I'm looking for an answer that describes whether it is a good idea, whether or not it's been successful in specific circumstances, and whether the advantages I've listed above apply in most cases. 
34471	How to get over the fear of flight?	I have recently got a new job, it's all good except that it will require me to travel frequently,5 hours trip once every month at least.  My fear isn't during the take off and landing like most people have, nor for a crash or anything like it.  I get my anxiety during the cruise, when the plane is all level and smooth, it's more like a fear of heights but I don't have that actually.  Have anybody ever get this type of fear? How can I get over it, I tried sleeping but I can't sleep on planes, the maximum amount of sleep I ever got on a plane was half an hour during a 15 hours trip.  This is not a duplicate or related to the mentioned question. I am not afraid of the sounds the airplane makes or maneuvers, I am not even afraid of turbulence and had many flights with very turbulent weather to the extent that one flight attendant fell on the floor, and bags started to fall from their places, my fear and anxiety didn't increase during these times at all 
34459	UK resident reentering UK on NZ passport as UK passport is being renewed	So I have to travel out of the UK using my NZ passport, as my UK passport is at the UK passport office. Will they only give me a tourist visa on my NZ passport? What happens when this expires? Or can I give them the details of my UK passport (which hasn't yet expired)? Thanks! 
34497	What historic sights can I see in Oslo on a 4 hour train layover?	During my journey through Norway at the end of August I'll have a 4 hour layover in Oslo. My train arrives on 07:04 at Oslo sentralstasjon and the train departs on 11:01 from the same station. This is on a Tuesday.  I've never been to Oslo before and was wondering if I could do some sightseeing in this short time. I'll probably leave my luggage in the lockers so I'll have more mobility.  I would want to avoid using public transport for more than a few stops as that might result in a delay and missing my train, so preferably the sights should be within 1 hour walking distance of the train station. Shops/malls and the like are mostly the same across Europe so I am not interested in those.   I am interested in historical sites and buildings that can be found in Oslo.  Also a nice quiet vantage point from which I can overlook the city and eat some breakfast would be fantastic, but I'm not sure if that exists. 
34497	What historic sights can I see in Oslo on a 4 hour train layover?	During my journey through Norway at the end of August I'll have a 4 hour layover in Oslo. My train arrives on 07:04 at Oslo sentralstasjon and the train departs on 11:01 from the same station. This is on a Tuesday.  I've never been to Oslo before and was wondering if I could do some sightseeing in this short time. I'll probably leave my luggage in the lockers so I'll have more mobility.  I would want to avoid using public transport for more than a few stops as that might result in a delay and missing my train, so preferably the sights should be within 1 hour walking distance of the train station. Shops/malls and the like are mostly the same across Europe so I am not interested in those.   I am interested in historical sites and buildings that can be found in Oslo.  Also a nice quiet vantage point from which I can overlook the city and eat some breakfast would be fantastic, but I'm not sure if that exists. 
34497	What historic sights can I see in Oslo on a 4 hour train layover?	During my journey through Norway at the end of August I'll have a 4 hour layover in Oslo. My train arrives on 07:04 at Oslo sentralstasjon and the train departs on 11:01 from the same station. This is on a Tuesday.  I've never been to Oslo before and was wondering if I could do some sightseeing in this short time. I'll probably leave my luggage in the lockers so I'll have more mobility.  I would want to avoid using public transport for more than a few stops as that might result in a delay and missing my train, so preferably the sights should be within 1 hour walking distance of the train station. Shops/malls and the like are mostly the same across Europe so I am not interested in those.   I am interested in historical sites and buildings that can be found in Oslo.  Also a nice quiet vantage point from which I can overlook the city and eat some breakfast would be fantastic, but I'm not sure if that exists. 
34508	Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?	I’m a new immigrant to Canada. I’m traveling from Cairo Egypt to Toronto via Germany or any other European country with an Egyptian passport and a Canadian visa.  Will I need a transit visa for Germany or Europe? How can I get one in Cairo? How much time will it take? 
34508	Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?	I’m a new immigrant to Canada. I’m traveling from Cairo Egypt to Toronto via Germany or any other European country with an Egyptian passport and a Canadian visa.  Will I need a transit visa for Germany or Europe? How can I get one in Cairo? How much time will it take? 
34519	I visited the US for 2 weeks in May; can I return in November for 2 more weeks?	I went to visit a friend in the US for 2 weeks in May and was planning on flying over again in November for another 2 weeks. Is this allowed? I know you're only allowed to visit the US for 90 days before you have to leave. Does this mean I won't be allowed to return in November? 
34521	First US passport	I plan to travel in October.  How far ahead do I need to apply . I plan to apply at the post office .and what documents do I need to bring when I submit my application. How long will it take for me to receive it. I've never been abroad so I want to be sure all goes smooth as possible. 
34517	Travelling on a Two-Entry Schengen Visa	From the New to Denmark Website,  If you have a visa that is valid for several entries for at least 180 days you can hand in an application for a new visa before the current visa expires.   My current one is two-entry visa. Is it several-entry visa? I have used one entry, one entry unused. Then I can hand in the application for the new visa (back-to-back visa of the current one, no gap between them) before the current one expires? If I choose to do so, will my current one be cancelled by embassy? I plan to enter EU on Nov, exit it on early Dec. (current one expires on 12/31/2014), re-enter EU on 1/1/2015 using the new visa. Should I write the visa officer my plan when applying for the new visa? (so that VO won't cancel my current one.)  
34537	Transit visa UK	I am an Indian Citizen having a Valid Visa for United States of America. My flight is via Heathrow and my transit time is less than 5 hours. Do I need a UK Transit Visa? 
34546	Do I need a Schengen visa if I have a UK tier 1 visa with Indian passport?	I have UK tier 1 visa with Indian passport. Should I apply for a Schengen visa if I have to travel to Portugal? 
14723	How can I contact 'lost and found' to in enquire on a lost laptop in Dubai Airport?	On 16th March 2013, I travelled via Dubai to Dallas. During the security checking at Dubai Airport, I put it in the belt and after that I forgot to to take it back. that I've filled up the online form of Dubai 'lost and found' and got a reference number. but then after there is no response from their side and also tried to call Dubai airport 'lost and found' and Emirates 'lost and found' in Dubai but nobody is picking up the phone. Can anyone please advise how I can get my laptop back. 
34553	Is it possible to sit at a seat of higher class, for free, after boarding a flight?	I referenced How can I get a different seat after boarding a flight?. Herein, suppose that many seats of higher class (eg Premium Economy or Busines Class) are empty after boarding. Also, suppose that the passenger doesn't will to pay anything.   My outright guess is no; a counterargument would be that if everyone  did this, then because there aren't enough such seats, then it wouldn't be fair to the peope who failed to perceive these empty seats.  Yet what would be some arguments in favour? Has this happened? Those empty seats  feel wasteful. 
34553	Is it possible to sit at a seat of higher class, for free, after boarding a flight?	I referenced How can I get a different seat after boarding a flight?. Herein, suppose that many seats of higher class (eg Premium Economy or Busines Class) are empty after boarding. Also, suppose that the passenger doesn't will to pay anything.   My outright guess is no; a counterargument would be that if everyone  did this, then because there aren't enough such seats, then it wouldn't be fair to the peope who failed to perceive these empty seats.  Yet what would be some arguments in favour? Has this happened? Those empty seats  feel wasteful. 
34553	Is it possible to sit at a seat of higher class, for free, after boarding a flight?	I referenced How can I get a different seat after boarding a flight?. Herein, suppose that many seats of higher class (eg Premium Economy or Busines Class) are empty after boarding. Also, suppose that the passenger doesn't will to pay anything.   My outright guess is no; a counterargument would be that if everyone  did this, then because there aren't enough such seats, then it wouldn't be fair to the peope who failed to perceive these empty seats.  Yet what would be some arguments in favour? Has this happened? Those empty seats  feel wasteful. 
34577	In which developed countries (other than the US) does the price tag not usually show the final price to be paid?	That is, the price tag on the product (or on the shelf beneath it or wherever) may say $1.00, but when you go checkout at the counter, you actually have to pay more than $1.00.  To keep the scope of this question narrow, restrict attention to   This list of developed countries (IMF's 36 advanced economies) Supermarkets    My guess is that the US is the only such country, but I may be wrong.  Related travel.SE questions: Are taxes included in fuel prices? and Why are prices published without tax in the US? 
34577	In which developed countries (other than the US) does the price tag not usually show the final price to be paid?	That is, the price tag on the product (or on the shelf beneath it or wherever) may say $1.00, but when you go checkout at the counter, you actually have to pay more than $1.00.  To keep the scope of this question narrow, restrict attention to   This list of developed countries (IMF's 36 advanced economies) Supermarkets    My guess is that the US is the only such country, but I may be wrong.  Related travel.SE questions: Are taxes included in fuel prices? and Why are prices published without tax in the US? 
34585	A flight I booked months ago just got rescheduled dramatically, into a time that is not possible for me, what can I do?	Specifically, the first flight for my honeymoon just got rescheduled to 12 hours prior, during my wedding.  The airline says they have no flights on them or their partner airlines that get me to my destination on time.  They have offered a full refund, but the possible replacement flights are all much more expensive than that.  What can/should I do? 
34613	Can you travel to the US 6 days before your H1B visa expires?	I'm currently working in US, with VISA valid uptil end of Sept. I've applied for extension, and the petition is under review atm.  There is a requirement that may need me to go out of US and come back for a week in mid-Sept.  Would that be a problem while returning? 
34622	What is a typical Australian dish which can be considered a "must-have"?	Even as an Australian, I usually struggle to come up with what a typical 'Aussie' dish is. I think the outdoor barbeque is a well-known past-time, but it is not all that different to an American barbeque.  I had a flatmate who once cooked kangaroo steak with Vegemite in a pan, which I thought would have to be something only an Australia person would come up with. Otherwise, I would consider the Australian diet to be quite multicultural, so I am not really sure how to define it.  As an aside, crocodile meat seems to be the only farmed animal meat that comes from a predator, and I guess along with emu meat can also be considered a uniquely Australia cuisine? 
34629	Travelling from London Gatwick to Paddington	There are three of us international travellers. We are reaching Gatwick on Tuesday, arriving from Inverness by air. Each of us will have heavy luggage (each person will have bag weighing 20+ Kg and haversack). How do we reach to our accomodation in Paddington? We cannot afford a cab and are unfortunately not aware of London Rail system. We may consider taking bus also. 
34649	How can I travel flexibly around the US?	In Europe, travelers can buy a special rail pass that gives them unlimited train rides for a month. And some airlines offer tickets where a list of destinations is chosen in advance, but the flight dates are flexible and can be chosen on short notice.   Is there anything similar for traveling around the US by bus or train? Greyhound used to offer something like it, called the "Discovery Pass," but it seems to have been discontinued. And Amtrak only seems to offer unlimited passes on specific short routes, mainly targeting commuters. 
34651	Direct Airside Transit Visa for short layover in Heathrow	I am an Indian citizen, on valid F1 visa, travelling via Virgin Atlantic back to India from the US. I have a short layover at Heathrow, 1h35min. Do I still need a DIrect Airside Transit Visa? Its been more then 6 months since I last entered the US. 
34649	How can I travel flexibly around the US?	In Europe, travelers can buy a special rail pass that gives them unlimited train rides for a month. And some airlines offer tickets where a list of destinations is chosen in advance, but the flight dates are flexible and can be chosen on short notice.   Is there anything similar for traveling around the US by bus or train? Greyhound used to offer something like it, called the "Discovery Pass," but it seems to have been discontinued. And Amtrak only seems to offer unlimited passes on specific short routes, mainly targeting commuters. 
34649	How can I travel flexibly around the US?	In Europe, travelers can buy a special rail pass that gives them unlimited train rides for a month. And some airlines offer tickets where a list of destinations is chosen in advance, but the flight dates are flexible and can be chosen on short notice.   Is there anything similar for traveling around the US by bus or train? Greyhound used to offer something like it, called the "Discovery Pass," but it seems to have been discontinued. And Amtrak only seems to offer unlimited passes on specific short routes, mainly targeting commuters. 
34649	How can I travel flexibly around the US?	In Europe, travelers can buy a special rail pass that gives them unlimited train rides for a month. And some airlines offer tickets where a list of destinations is chosen in advance, but the flight dates are flexible and can be chosen on short notice.   Is there anything similar for traveling around the US by bus or train? Greyhound used to offer something like it, called the "Discovery Pass," but it seems to have been discontinued. And Amtrak only seems to offer unlimited passes on specific short routes, mainly targeting commuters. 
34647	I need to amend my approved Schengen visa to an earlier date of entry	A Schengen visa was issued to me by Greek Embassy valid from Aug 25, 2014 up to Oct 10, 2014. When my relative from Spain knew about it she sent me an invitation and asked if I can come earlier by Aug 12, 2014. What can I do? 
27156	What is the type of visa I need to stay at a hotel outside Heathrow, London?	I am a student from India heading to the USA. I am transiting through London and have a very long layover (22 hours) at Heathrow. My flight from India arrives at noon at Heathrow, and the flight to USA departs the next day at 10 AM. I plan to spend the night at a hotel outside Heathrow or at my cousin's place.  The UK site says I need a Visitor in Transit visa if I need to leave the airport. But since I hold a valid visa to USA, I may be exempt from that too (mentioned in the same site – "transit without visa concession")  Questions:   Is the Visitor in Transit visa only applicable for people transiting to another airport within UK or can be used for staying outside/sightseeing also? The UK Visa wizard site says I can get a 'Visitor in Transit' visa for this, but the Visa4UK site says I can't use the 'Visitor in Transit' visa for any other purpose other than transiting to another airport. What are the chances of being allowed entry to London with a "transit without visa concession"? Even if I get a visa, is there a chance for my entry to London getting denied?  
34664	Transit visa needed for layover (I'm an Indian student in US with a valid F-1 visa and I-20 documents. These are my flight details:   NYC - Frankfurt - Istanbul. The layover at Frankfurt is less than 24 hours, and I'm going to take a Turkish visa.  Will I require a transit visa in Germany? If I take a (cheaper) flight like NYC - Zurich - Frankfurt - Istanbul, will I need a transit visa / Schengen visa?   I've looked for similar questions but haven't found any exactly matching the locations on my itinerary. 
34667	Do i need a transit visa for Paris if i have a Schengen visa issued by Portugal?	I am a Indian citizen going to Portugal from India with a Schengen visa issued by Portugal. I am travelling on the sponsorship of my friend in Portugal and have to change flight at Paris with a layover time of 13 hours. Do i need any transit visa for the Paris transit city tour at CDG airport? Also i want to take another tour of Paris while returning to India from Portugal. I will be having a layover time of 13 hours at Paris while returning also. 
34664	Transit visa needed for layover (I'm an Indian student in US with a valid F-1 visa and I-20 documents. These are my flight details:   NYC - Frankfurt - Istanbul. The layover at Frankfurt is less than 24 hours, and I'm going to take a Turkish visa.  Will I require a transit visa in Germany? If I take a (cheaper) flight like NYC - Zurich - Frankfurt - Istanbul, will I need a transit visa / Schengen visa?   I've looked for similar questions but haven't found any exactly matching the locations on my itinerary. 
34687	Good route for a 1-day bike trip around Amsterdam	I'd like to take a one day biking trip in Amsterdam in October, when I will be coming there for a conference. Could you recommend a scenic path/trail I could take? Please, if possible, include bike path numbers so I can look them up in my map.  I'm a fairly fit cyclist, so length in the area of 50-60 km should not be a problem, especially considering there aren't many hills in the Netherlands :-).  If you can, also recommend a bike rental which rents sporty bikes as opposed to the usual city bikes most dutch people use. 
34692	Visa to transit in Vienna and Brussels for a Jordanian citizen	I am travelling to Jordan-Amman from Liberia-Monrovia thru Brussels then Vienna to Amman, my nationality is Jordanian. Do I need visa to get thru two airports to my country. The flight to Brussels is on Brussels airway then on Austrian to Vienna (operated by Brussels), from Vienna to Amman on Austrian also.  
34705	Wildcamping in europe	As far as I know, camping in the wild is legal in scandinavian countries and illigal in many others.  But in which european counties is it actully legal to wildcamp? Are there any? Under which conditions is it allowed? 
34717	France Schengen Visa; Want to Travel to Italy Next Month	I was recently issued a France Schengen Visa (multiple entries); however, I want to travel to Italy next month...will I need to apply for a Spanish Schengen Visa or can I use the France Visa to go to Italy? 
34734	What's the best money option for US travelling?	My friends and I are going on a road trip in the US. We're wondering what kind of money we should take, be it a credit card, debit card, pre-paid card or just cash. We're going for two weeks. Does anyone has any experience what works the best in the US and how to avoid hidden bank transactions/ATM fees? 
34734	What's the best money option for US travelling?	My friends and I are going on a road trip in the US. We're wondering what kind of money we should take, be it a credit card, debit card, pre-paid card or just cash. We're going for two weeks. Does anyone has any experience what works the best in the US and how to avoid hidden bank transactions/ATM fees? 
34751	Do I need a visa to stay at a hotel close to Heathrow before connecting to a flight to Vancouver, Canada?	My daughter and I are travelling to Vancouver, Canada through Heathrow but staying all night to get connected. I have a valid multi-entry visa to the UK that I obtained for previous travel, but my daughter does not because her destination is Canada. Do we need a visa to spend the night at a hotel close to Heathrow? We both have Ethiopian passports. 
34734	What's the best money option for US travelling?	My friends and I are going on a road trip in the US. We're wondering what kind of money we should take, be it a credit card, debit card, pre-paid card or just cash. We're going for two weeks. Does anyone has any experience what works the best in the US and how to avoid hidden bank transactions/ATM fees? 
34730	Transit time at Schiphol	I am coming in from Detroit by flight DL 138 at 11:15 and taking  flight DL 9574 at 12:55 to Delhi on a single ticket. Do I have enough time to connect? 
34789	Do I need a transit visa for a stopover in Dubai for less than 8 hours en route to Australia?	I am flying on Emirates from South Africa via Dubai to Australia and my stop-over is about six hours before I fly to Perth. Do I need a visa? I am South African. 
34798	Is it safe to travel to Morocco due to the Ebola outbreak?	My family and I are due to travel to Marrakech and Agadir this week (Thusday 7th August) and despite the fact that the Ebola outbreak is mainly affecting West Africa, such as Sierra Leone, would it still be safe to travel? 
34800	Sightseeing in Japan as an Indian Citizen holding a US F-1 visa	I currently have a US F-1 visa who needs to travel to India. I was hoping to take a layover in  Japan. Will I require a transit visa to go sightseeing in Japan and how can I get one in the USA or can I get one at Japanese airports as well?  I have been told by the Consulate General that they require my I-20 and F-1 visa as well. Why is all this documentation required? 
34800	Sightseeing in Japan as an Indian Citizen holding a US F-1 visa	I currently have a US F-1 visa who needs to travel to India. I was hoping to take a layover in  Japan. Will I require a transit visa to go sightseeing in Japan and how can I get one in the USA or can I get one at Japanese airports as well?  I have been told by the Consulate General that they require my I-20 and F-1 visa as well. Why is all this documentation required? 
34853	Wi-fi coverage in Taormina and Palermo	Does anyone know how good is the wi-fi coverage in Taormina or Palermo? We're planning a trip to Sicily and I want to make sure I can work from there. 
33915	Electronic medical devices through British airport security	I heard that British airport security had a policy of disposing of electronic equipment if you were unable to prove that you can turn them on. Is this true? What if I am carrying a spare insulin  pump or a similar medical related device which could not be turned on at will? 
34095	How to dispose of a broken suitcase at an airport?	Recently I had to catch a flight from New Delhi to Frankfurt. On arriving at the airport, I realized that my suitcase was broken at the bottom near the wheels. Probably due to its rough handling during my train travel to New Delhi. The break was quite close to the hinge and I did not want to risk it opening up during baggage handling. I thought of buying a new suitcase in the airport stores, but then wondered how I would dispose of the broken suitcase. The dustbins at the airport, as you know, are small and leaving an (empty) suitcase anywhere in the airport would raise suspicion and one may even be taken off the flight and taken for questioning! I eventually risked carrying the broken suitcase and it somehow held.   How should one dispose of a broken suitcase at an airport?  On a related note, how do airlines handle a broken suitcase after check-in? This may be posted as a different question. Please edit it out if you feel so? 
3220	Why would you wrap your luggage in plastic?	At many airports you can wrap your luggage with sheets of sticky plastic. Why on earth would you do that? I only see disadvantages. I can imagine the mess when customs ask you to open your luggage. So what benefits am I missing?      Photo by Reuben Strayer, license: CC BY-SA 2.0  
34961	Direct Airside Transit Visa	I am traveling from San Francisco to Mumbai via London Heathrow airport (layover of 9 hours) in 2 weeks. I am working in US on OPT (F1 visa). I got to know about the DATV visa requirement just now. I am not planning to get out of Heathrow airport. Looking at the time crunch, can I apply for on arrival visa at the airport? Visa application center takes at least 3 weeks to approve UK visa. Not sure what to do? 
34975	Meaning of various fields on a Schengen visa stamp	I'm going to my exchange programme in Germany for 4 months. For this, I got a Long Stay (D) visa.  From 25-08-2014 till 05-01-2015.   There are 2 fields that are unclear:   Numbers of entries: MULT Duration of stay XX.    What does "XX" actually mean? 
34981	London Transit Visa for US to Indian with Valid US H4 Visa	I am Indian citizen  Came to US: Sept 2013  US Visa Type: H4 (My husband has valid H1B and i797 valid till Sept 2015)  US Visa Validity: Sept 2015  In Nov 2014, I am planning to travel to India via London airport through Virgin Atlantic airline. I have to visit London only because my flight US-Londing-Bombay (Same airlines and checked baggage will be delivered directly to Mumbai Airport india.   I checked on UK gov website regarding Transit Visa and wording is totally confusing and nobody understand what they say.  Can anybody say YES/NO whether i need UK Transit Visa? My US visa is valid till 2015 and I am an Indian citizen. Travelling in Nov 2014.  Any prompt help is much appreciated.  
34986	If my layover time at London is 14 hours, should I have a UK transit visa for the travel?	I am travelling from Mumbai to Houston via London and have a valid US visa. I have to wait in London for 14 hours for my connecting flight. Some of my friends were saying transit visa is not required if the layover time is less that 24 hours and others say you should have one if you stay more than 12 hours. Could you please help me with issue. 
35009	Termini to Colosseum in Rome - two different train stations?	Somewhat related to another question, this one seeks more specifics on travelling from Roma Termini to Colosseo.  I will arrive at FCO on the 10th of Aug and will be taking the Leonardo express to get to Roma Termini. I need to get to the Colosseum and I have been told to take the "Metro Line B" to the Colosseo from Termini. However, are there two different portions of the Termini station?   Google maps shows that I have to change stations or something like that at TERMINI to get to Colosseo. What am I missing?  In the picture below, (A) is Termini and theres a black line that I must walk to get to... Termini?   
35015	Does any airline in the world allow air travel without government identification?	It seems that pretty much every airline requires at least one form of government identification for flights, even if it's a local flight within a single country.  Does any airline in the world form an exception to that rule? I was recently surprised to learn that some airlines still allow smoking on-board, so I'm sure there are also exceptions to the documents policy. 
35015	Does any airline in the world allow air travel without government identification?	It seems that pretty much every airline requires at least one form of government identification for flights, even if it's a local flight within a single country.  Does any airline in the world form an exception to that rule? I was recently surprised to learn that some airlines still allow smoking on-board, so I'm sure there are also exceptions to the documents policy. 
35020	Travelling from India to canada via Dubai and London. Do I need a transit visa	I am travelling to Calgary from Delhi. I have an Air India flight from Delhi to Dubai then British Airways flight from Dubai to London and Air Canada flight from London to Calgary. My query is "Do I require a transit visa." Plz help as I am travelling in four days 
35029	Where to find arrival/departure locations of Greyhound buses during online purchase?	I am looking for Greyhound tickets on their website. I want to know how, in general, I can find the location of the bus station. For example, when I am leaving from New York City, I would guess that it will be leaving from the Port Authority Bus Terminal, but how can I ne sure about that? Is it listed somewhere, or will it be on my final ticket? For example, for Vancouver there are multiple stations.  For Bolt Bus, the departure/arrival location is clearly listed, but I couldn't find something like that for Greyhound. So, how do I to find out where (address) a Greyhound bus leaves/arrives, before booking the ticket? 
35023	Where is the safest place in an airplane?	Is there such a thing at all? I feel the front is dangerous because it may hit the ground first. I also feel that near the wings is not safe because they are fuel tanks. 
35045	transit visa for UK required? layover time-14 hrs/ travel - india to vancouver/ valid canadian visa/ arriving in london on 20 aug and leaving 21	im going to travel from Hyderabad to Vancouver on 20th august, and will be passing through heathrow. My layover time being 14hrs, will I require a transit visa? I have a valid canadian study permit, but will be arriving at heathrow on 20th and leaving on 21st. I do not have any intention to go out for a visit and also don't need to go through immigration. please help, i dont have much time! 
35064	Transit visa on arriving for Japan	I and my wife are visiting Sfo, USA on Indian passport and will be going back to Delhi via Tokyo, Japan by Ana airline in October. I want to see Tokyo, how to get the required transit visa on arrival? 
35079	How to pass customs in time in case of a flight delay	I'm a non-US citizen flying to the US with a changing time between flights of 1:50 in Atlanta. Since this is rather on the short line according to this answer, I was wondering what to do in case of a delay. Since this will be my port of entry, I have to pick up my bag go trough border control, put the bag on field again, and change from international to domestic terminals, etc.  I know that if you are late in Europe, you can ask somebody; in most cases they let you cut the waiting line in customs/check in/etc. if you would otherwise miss the flight.  Is it also acceptable to approach staff with such a request at an US airport? 
35067	What to do during a midnight stopover in Dubai?	I'm going to travel to Australia, but I will stay in Dubai between 22:55 and 9:35, what do you guys suggest to do during this time ? I don't want to rest, really. I want to enjoy this time there. Thanks. 
35106	Deutschland multiple entry Visa Type D " national visa "	I have a Multiple Visa of type D valid for Deutschland. Is it enough for traveling Schengen countries or I should apply for residency or any other type of visa to travel?   my visa is German National visa type D it is for a duration of 4 months, i.e. longer than 90 days.. it says on the visa that the long stay visa is valid in Deutschland .. so I'm wondering if what my current visa means is that I can stay in Germany for a period of longer that 90 days but I should be able to visit the other schengen states if I don't exceed the 90 day period. Should my first destination be Germany ??? or i can go to another country before Germany ?  
35106	Deutschland multiple entry Visa Type D " national visa "	I have a Multiple Visa of type D valid for Deutschland. Is it enough for traveling Schengen countries or I should apply for residency or any other type of visa to travel?   my visa is German National visa type D it is for a duration of 4 months, i.e. longer than 90 days.. it says on the visa that the long stay visa is valid in Deutschland .. so I'm wondering if what my current visa means is that I can stay in Germany for a period of longer that 90 days but I should be able to visit the other schengen states if I don't exceed the 90 day period. Should my first destination be Germany ??? or i can go to another country before Germany ?  
35137	Airport transit visa from Brussels (Belgium) to Geneva	I am a US green card holder. I am traveling from Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso) to New York. The airline is Brussels airline and from Brussel we need to tranfer to another plane that will take us from Brussels to Geneva, there we can go to New York. I would like to know if I need a Schengen airport transit visa for the Brussels-Geneva leg. 
35117	What should I do after buying an airplane ticket?	After I buy a ticket online for an airplane, should I go to the airport and register it or is it enough to go to the airport at the date of flight and not to do anything? How can I pass the gates to get myself to the waiting room for the flight? Do I have to print the ticket for this purpose? I have not bought an airplane ticket online, so how it works is not known to me. The flight is an international flight. 
35136	US citizen husband visiting me in the UK	My husband (US citizen) is coming over from November 4th until Jan 21st 2015. Can we take a cruise holiday in Spain and then return to the UK for the remainder of his visit? 
34649	How can I travel flexibly around the US?	In Europe, travelers can buy a special rail pass that gives them unlimited train rides for a month. And some airlines offer tickets where a list of destinations is chosen in advance, but the flight dates are flexible and can be chosen on short notice.   Is there anything similar for traveling around the US by bus or train? Greyhound used to offer something like it, called the "Discovery Pass," but it seems to have been discontinued. And Amtrak only seems to offer unlimited passes on specific short routes, mainly targeting commuters. 
23992	Renting a flat in Lille for a few months - options beyond Air BnB?	I'm currently giving serious considering to spending a couple of months living in Lille in northern France, mostly to try to improve my French. I'm planning to be there too long for just a hostel or hotels, so I'm after something more permanent. A flat/house share might be possible, but given the numbers of friends and family who've decided they'd quite like to come and visit, I might be better doing a short let on a flat.  I've had a look on Air BnB, and there are some suitable looking properties on offer there, so that's one option. However, I can't help but think that there will be more elsewhere, especially on French sites, if I only knew where to look! I might be wrong though, as I don't know much about French renting rules...  Beyond Air BnB, where should I be looking for a short (a few months) flat let in Lille? Any major websites to check? Any key phrases to google for? Any kind of special rental agency I should be trying to locate + speak to?  (Note that I'm not after "my friend Jim has a flat, speak to him", more like "almost everything like that in France ends up on website X" or "you need to find agencies that says they specialise in Y and work with them") 
35158	Dual Aussie/British national but need to enter UK on Aussie passport	I have searched on this forum for an answer to my question &amp; while I found someone with a similar question their situation was a bit different so I'm going to still post this as need some advice.  I am an Australian born national with dual Aust/British citizenship. I hold an Aust. passport (with a 'right of abode in UK' sticker) &amp; a British passport. I am going to the UK soon but do not currently have my British passport with me as it has been couriered to my UK employer who is arranging a work visa for an overseas posting (Kazakhstan).   So, I need to enter the UK with my Aust passport which contains the 'right of abode in the UK' sticker. I know this is fine in terms of entry requirements &amp; can even use the UK citizens queue to enter but when I go through Immigration will the system show that I also have a UK passport and, if so, is this likely to cause any hassles? 
35162	Phone SIM Card for multiple countries	I have family members traveling through the following countries over the next couple of weeks:   Brasil Argentina Chile Peru Mexico   Considering that they're spending 4-6 days in each country, they want to have a phone in hand to be able to contact family back home, and more importantly, to have a phone for emergencies.  Do they have to get a pre-paid SIM card in each country that they go to?  Is there one that will work in multiple countries? 
35117	What should I do after buying an airplane ticket?	After I buy a ticket online for an airplane, should I go to the airport and register it or is it enough to go to the airport at the date of flight and not to do anything? How can I pass the gates to get myself to the waiting room for the flight? Do I have to print the ticket for this purpose? I have not bought an airplane ticket online, so how it works is not known to me. The flight is an international flight. 
35175	Can shaving my head cause problems entering the US?	Does anyone know about any possible complications that one may face whileentering the US with completely shaved head while the passport photo has hair? Many Indians do shave their head as part of the last rites that they perform once their parents die.  
35183	Can I travel to Spain on a UK visa? I am a Fillipino	I am a Filipino living in Dubai and I have a two year visa for the UK.  I need to travel to Spain, can I do this using my UK visa ? 
19137	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have no Schengen visa? Am traveling from Cairo to Moscow via Swiss Air  
35217	Should I worry about being refused a ‘transit without visa concession’ in the UK?	Some people who cannot enter the UK without a visa can still transit ‘airside’ without a visa (e.g. visa nationals who don't require a direct airside transit visa or DATV nationals flying to the US). In that case, it's also possible to apply for a ‘transit without visa concession’ at the border to pass though immigration control (say to change airports).  But the website stresses that the decision is left at the discretion of the immigration officer. How likely is it to be bounced? What criteria do immigration officers use for that? Does the UK border agency release any guidelines or statistics about those decisions? 
35222	Can I stay in Schengen area after my visa expires if I enter while the visa is valid?	I have an Egyptian passport and a valid one year multiple-entry Schengen visa, which will expire in mid-Sept. 2014. Can I enter a Schengen country a day before it expires for a short trip and exit after it expires? What is the penalty for staying in the Schengen area after the end of its validity? 
35225	Which carrier has extensive cellular coverage in Sicily?	I'm visiting Sicily for two weeks as a tourist and I need a good and reliable cellular Internet connection to use on my iPhone and iPad.  Does anyone have data on what coverage is offered by the different carriers, with hopefully 4G speed? 
35225	Which carrier has extensive cellular coverage in Sicily?	I'm visiting Sicily for two weeks as a tourist and I need a good and reliable cellular Internet connection to use on my iPhone and iPad.  Does anyone have data on what coverage is offered by the different carriers, with hopefully 4G speed? 
35282	Noise reduction inside airplane	How can I reduce the noise inside an airplane? I am thinking of something like a headphone however I don't know what is the name of those headphone, the one that specially some workers in the loud workplace use. I searched for some of them but I just find some noise reduction headphone for playing music. 
35302	What is the "MULT" means? How can I use this visa for more than 2 entries to Schengen area?	I have applied for a tourist visa (first time) in the Netherland Embassy year 2012, I was given "01" entry  for 90 days and exit from Schengen area when my visa expired. After a year, I decided to apply again for a tourist visa, and unexpectedly granted a "MULT" which means I can go back to Schengen more than 2 entries.  My visa is valid from June 6, 2014 - June 6, 2015 (1 year). I had my flight going to The Netherlands on June 9, 2014 and exit on September 6, 2014. I am a bit confuse about the "180 days" policy, which I really don't understand. If I will spend 90 days in Schengen and exit for 90 days before i will be able to go back, I can only consume my "MULT" entry for twice, because we only have 365 days in a year. My question is, What if I exit from Schengen 2 weeks before the end of my 90 days, and stay at my resident of country for only 2 weeks and re entry again?  70 days consumed, then exit. 2 weeks in my country, then re entry again. 
35302	What is the "MULT" means? How can I use this visa for more than 2 entries to Schengen area?	I have applied for a tourist visa (first time) in the Netherland Embassy year 2012, I was given "01" entry  for 90 days and exit from Schengen area when my visa expired. After a year, I decided to apply again for a tourist visa, and unexpectedly granted a "MULT" which means I can go back to Schengen more than 2 entries.  My visa is valid from June 6, 2014 - June 6, 2015 (1 year). I had my flight going to The Netherlands on June 9, 2014 and exit on September 6, 2014. I am a bit confuse about the "180 days" policy, which I really don't understand. If I will spend 90 days in Schengen and exit for 90 days before i will be able to go back, I can only consume my "MULT" entry for twice, because we only have 365 days in a year. My question is, What if I exit from Schengen 2 weeks before the end of my 90 days, and stay at my resident of country for only 2 weeks and re entry again?  70 days consumed, then exit. 2 weeks in my country, then re entry again. 
35327	Do I have to collect my luggage on connecting flights into Germany?	I am looking at flying from Newark International to Munich on Lufthansa, and then to Berlin-Tegel. I believe it is all booked as one trip; however, flights entering the United States require you to retrieve baggage and then re-check it after going through Customs. Is it the same for Germany?  I am somewhat worried because there is only 50 minutes between flights, and the waits for Customs and the baggage claim may be long. 
35321	Which countries I must get a transit visa in order to board on a second flight?	Being an owner of one of the world's worst passports (Henley &amp; Partners ranked Sri Lanka the 6th worst), I always have to worry about visa.  Other than the United States, what countries require a visa for connecting flight? In all countries I have visited, one can stay in the airport terminal for a short period of time to board to a second flight. I understand this is not the case for all countries/administrative areas.   If I have a layover in some Airport, what countries require a visa even for a short layover without leaving the airport? I believe the situation would be different and a visa is mandatory for cruise ships, etc. 
35321	Which countries I must get a transit visa in order to board on a second flight?	Being an owner of one of the world's worst passports (Henley &amp; Partners ranked Sri Lanka the 6th worst), I always have to worry about visa.  Other than the United States, what countries require a visa for connecting flight? In all countries I have visited, one can stay in the airport terminal for a short period of time to board to a second flight. I understand this is not the case for all countries/administrative areas.   If I have a layover in some Airport, what countries require a visa even for a short layover without leaving the airport? I believe the situation would be different and a visa is mandatory for cruise ships, etc. 
35321	Which countries I must get a transit visa in order to board on a second flight?	Being an owner of one of the world's worst passports (Henley &amp; Partners ranked Sri Lanka the 6th worst), I always have to worry about visa.  Other than the United States, what countries require a visa for connecting flight? In all countries I have visited, one can stay in the airport terminal for a short period of time to board to a second flight. I understand this is not the case for all countries/administrative areas.   If I have a layover in some Airport, what countries require a visa even for a short layover without leaving the airport? I believe the situation would be different and a visa is mandatory for cruise ships, etc. 
35347	how to calculate the 90 days in 2 years visa	I have schengen visa valid for two years (5/8/2014- 5/8/2016) C type, multiple entry.  how the 90 days stay work? 
35341	Can I Travel USA	I am from India, I have visa for USA it expires on September 8th I am planning to Travel September 4th and return on October 1st. Does it possible? Can I travel to the USA from India just 4 days before my visa expires? I never traveled to the USA before, but I was issued a visa valid for 2 months. I mentioned to the visa office my dates of travel, yet the visa I was granted is expiring before my expected arrival date. Is it possible for me to stay in the USA for one month after the expiration of my visa? and does it effect my future visa applications to the USA? 
35358	Inter-US air travel on a Visa Waiver (VWP)?	Im flying to Texas, El Paso on the 15th of October 2014, this is on a visa waiver program.  I wish to fly to Arizona, Sky Harbor on the 17th of October 2014 for the day to say Hi to long distance friends and return to El Paso later in the day.  Question is;     Can I fly inside the USA with my Visa Waiver?  
35358	Inter-US air travel on a Visa Waiver (VWP)?	Im flying to Texas, El Paso on the 15th of October 2014, this is on a visa waiver program.  I wish to fly to Arizona, Sky Harbor on the 17th of October 2014 for the day to say Hi to long distance friends and return to El Paso later in the day.  Question is;     Can I fly inside the USA with my Visa Waiver?  
35363	Regarding US In Transit Visa	I have booked my wife's ticket from New Delhi, India to Toronto, Canada Via Chicago OHare (ORD).  She has Indian Passport and Visitor visa for Canada. Does she need any In-transit Visa for USA? Her transit time is 8 hrs in Chicago. 
35374	Is a US visa valid without an entry stamp?	I would be travelling to the US with H4 visa (first time travelling to the US) through London HT. I came across in the gov.uk site that a Valid US visa holder does not require a transit visa.   "You are exempt from needing a transit visa if you are travelling to the US, Canada, Australia or New Zealand and have a valid visa for this country"  Is an H4 visa (without any prior port of entry stamping)considered a valid US visa? Do I have to get a Transit visa? 
35390	International travel with parrots	We (two people) live in the US and we have two cockatiels.  We will eventually move to a different country (air travel).  This question is about how to execute the move in a way that is safe for the birds.  There are two main parts, 1. safety/practical  2. legal/customs.   What is the safest way to travel by air with parrots?  I am not comfortable letting them travel in the cargo hold.  Unlike dogs and cats, parrots can freak out very easily, can start flapping and fatally injure themselves in the cage.  They are also more sensitive to quick temperature changes.  Some airlines allow taking small pets in the cabin, with conditions (usually one per person--we're two people--and the pet carrier has to fit under the seat).  Which airlines flying from the US allow this, and what are the typical conditions?  What can we do to ensure that this option will be available (I assume advance planning and booking will be necessary).  Are there other safe options than trying to take the birds in the cabin (when the destination country allows this)? What are the requirements to allow exporting cockatiels (not CITES-listed) from the US? What is required for the export and what is recommended to ensure that it will be possible to return or travel to a third country in the future?  (Example of what tips I'm looking for: I got the person we acquired the bird from to write a signed letter with details about the bird and the transaction; I wouldn't be able to contact them after leaving the country, so even if this is not strictly required for leaving the US, it may be necessary to have it in the future.)  What are the recommended steps before the move to make everything as smooth as possible (e.g. avoid a quarantine on arrival when possible)?  The birds are of 90 g in weight, which means that microchipping is likely not safe/possible.   I'd be grateful for advice on preparing for this move, especially for advice based on first-hand experience (I've already done a fair bit of online research: some of the info is unreliable/contradictory or implicitly assumes dogs/cat when listing requirements that would be unreasonable for small birds).   Destination country is not clear yet, but my job does not offer much geographical stability, so the move will be necessary.  This question focuses on things that do not depend on the destination country.  I expect this not to be easy and I need to plan well in advance.    Useful links:   Which airlines allow in-cabin pets on transatlantic flights? First hand experience moving USA - Sweden with a parrot. This article discusses the necessary paperwork, but it's for CITES-listed species (most parrots) while cockatiels are not CITES-listed (the paperwork will be different).  
35400	Cheapest way to convert AUD to PHP?	I'm planning to visit the Philippines next month, and I'm exploring the optimal way that I could convert my money.  The options I see right now are :   Airport Bank Money changers in malls   I have a Debit and Credit Visa, Debit and Credit Mastercard, and Credit American Express if that helps. 
35321	Which countries I must get a transit visa in order to board on a second flight?	Being an owner of one of the world's worst passports (Henley &amp; Partners ranked Sri Lanka the 6th worst), I always have to worry about visa.  Other than the United States, what countries require a visa for connecting flight? In all countries I have visited, one can stay in the airport terminal for a short period of time to board to a second flight. I understand this is not the case for all countries/administrative areas.   If I have a layover in some Airport, what countries require a visa even for a short layover without leaving the airport? I believe the situation would be different and a visa is mandatory for cruise ships, etc. 
35418	How can I get help understanding UK visa requirements?	There are already many questions on visa requirements to enter the UK, including transit visas and visitor visa for family members (e.g. Can a Thai national married to a UK citizen enter the UK freely? and Non-EU spouse of an EU citizen - is visiting EU without needing a visa possible?).  Some of the rules seem very complicated. Where can I get authoritative information about that? Should I call the embassy like many people seem to advise? 
35418	How can I get help understanding UK visa requirements?	There are already many questions on visa requirements to enter the UK, including transit visas and visitor visa for family members (e.g. Can a Thai national married to a UK citizen enter the UK freely? and Non-EU spouse of an EU citizen - is visiting EU without needing a visa possible?).  Some of the rules seem very complicated. Where can I get authoritative information about that? Should I call the embassy like many people seem to advise? 
35394	Can a Thai national married to a UK citizen enter the UK freely?	I am a UK Citizen/Passport Holder, have a house in the UK but have been mainly in Thailand for the past twelve months, so currently deemed non resident in UK.    The reason for being in Thailand is that I got married to a Thai lady, (Thai Passport).  All registered and legalized at the British Embassy in Bangkok.  Now, I also have a house in France, and we go there for a second time next month on a Schengen Visa (free, pretty automatic).  We do not plan to go back to Thailand.  We have applied for my wife to be issued with a French Resident card (Carte de Sejour), which means she can travel freely between EU countries and Thailand.   My question is:   Does the fact the she is married to an EU Citizen allow her to freely visit the UK?  Or does she still have to apply for a Visitor Visa?  In Practice we want to spend three months at a time in UK/France/UK/France etc until we decide exactly where we live - probably moving back to UK.  Hedging our options we have also applied in Thailand for a UK Settlement Visa for my wife. 
35431	Can i skip an indirect flight?	I wanted to book a direct flight from Heathrow to JFK with BA. Over night they put the price up by over £500. Now i can see the exact same flight but you have to go indirect via Newcastle to Heathrow to JFK, it works out way cheaper this way.  Is there anyway i can skip the Newcastle flight if i contact BA before &amp; go direct to Heathrow? Or if i miss the Newcastle flight will the whole flight be cancelled? 
35440	fighting US driving ticket from abroad	I have a friend from India who got a ticket in Massachusetts for having an invalid license. She had an license from India, and the cop said she needed an international license. However, we found here (see question 5 and appendix C) that an India license should work. My friend is leaving in a month, so I'm wondering if she is able to fight this ticket or if she should just suck it up and pay it.  
35441	Entry Point for Schengen Visa Dilemma	I applied for a Schengen visa to enter through Germany (Frankfurt) and got it. Now I found a much cheaper flight to Paris and would rather fly there and maybe make my way to Germany eventually or maybe not at all - I may just stay in France.  Is this going to be a problem in any way? 
35443	Is a transit visa necessary for flying from Tunisia to Romania stopping over in Germany?	I am flying from Tunisia to Romania via Lufthansa. I will be laying over in Frankfurt then Munich. Do I really need that transit visa or having a Romanian visa is enough?  If a transit visa is necessary, is it possible to obtain at the airport where I am stopping over? 
35452	Do I need Transit Visa ? Flight from Japan to Boston US Via Canada (transit)	I have plan to go to Boston US. My itinerary plan is flight from Japan to Boston. But, the flight schedule will be transit or change in Canada then continue to Boston. I am wondering, whether I need or necessary transit visa in Canada or not? 
35452	Do I need Transit Visa ? Flight from Japan to Boston US Via Canada (transit)	I have plan to go to Boston US. My itinerary plan is flight from Japan to Boston. But, the flight schedule will be transit or change in Canada then continue to Boston. I am wondering, whether I need or necessary transit visa in Canada or not? 
35452	Do I need Transit Visa ? Flight from Japan to Boston US Via Canada (transit)	I have plan to go to Boston US. My itinerary plan is flight from Japan to Boston. But, the flight schedule will be transit or change in Canada then continue to Boston. I am wondering, whether I need or necessary transit visa in Canada or not? 
28990	Can I have two Schengen visas in one passport?	I will have to visit Europe twice for five months in total. I am Thai and will need a visa. The maximum stay in europe is 90 days, otherwise you have to apply for a long term stay according to my research. However, it will be complicated and time consuming.  This is my travel plan:   Aug - Sep: Munich Sep - Nov: France (I have to complete a short course in Paris which is not more than 90 days) Nov - Dec: Munich again    I am aware that I need to leave and re-enter the country when the duration reaches 90 days. Can I apply for a tourist visa in Germany's embassy for 90 days that's valid in six months and a second visa from France for 90 days. In between these trips, I will leave the continent to Russia or Turkey where a visa is not required and re-enter again.  Therefore I need two Schengen visas but is it possible to have two Schengen visas in one passport? 
22435	Schengen Visa - Change of Destination?	I have a Schengen Visa that I issued from the German embassy back in 2011 (it's still valid till mid-2014). I never actually went to Germany though.  It says visa type: C, multiple entries, 90 days duration.  I want to go soon to France and from there to Italy. My understanding is that I will have to first enter from Germany though, is that correct? Also, at the top, it says valid for: "Schengener Staaten" which I take is Schengen states, but it also has a "D" for  Deutschland on the far right. What does this "D" mean. Only valid for Germany? Or that entry must be via Germany? 
35441	Entry Point for Schengen Visa Dilemma	I applied for a Schengen visa to enter through Germany (Frankfurt) and got it. Now I found a much cheaper flight to Paris and would rather fly there and maybe make my way to Germany eventually or maybe not at all - I may just stay in France.  Is this going to be a problem in any way? 
35468	When to buy plane tickets to get best rates?	I'm planning a trip from Europe to USA, that will happen next summer.  I was looking lately into purchasing plane tickets, but a lot of carriers do not offer late July/early August 2015 tickets yet.  So, I can buy some ticket on kayak.com, but I feel that if I'll wait a bit, I might get a better deal. My question is generally - when is the best moment to purchase tickets - one that gives best prices, but also doesn't limit available flights too much, so I have options to choose from. 
35468	When to buy plane tickets to get best rates?	I'm planning a trip from Europe to USA, that will happen next summer.  I was looking lately into purchasing plane tickets, but a lot of carriers do not offer late July/early August 2015 tickets yet.  So, I can buy some ticket on kayak.com, but I feel that if I'll wait a bit, I might get a better deal. My question is generally - when is the best moment to purchase tickets - one that gives best prices, but also doesn't limit available flights too much, so I have options to choose from. 
35452	Do I need Transit Visa ? Flight from Japan to Boston US Via Canada (transit)	I have plan to go to Boston US. My itinerary plan is flight from Japan to Boston. But, the flight schedule will be transit or change in Canada then continue to Boston. I am wondering, whether I need or necessary transit visa in Canada or not? 
35482	Schengen Visa to travel to Romania	To travel to Romania, we were instructed by the Romanian embassy that we should either have a multiple-entry Schengen visa or a Romanian visa (which requires an invite from any travel agent in Romania). We are planning to apply for a French Schengen visa (multiple entry), and travel to Romania only, because we find it easier.  In this case, is it necessary to visit France, before or after we travel to Romania? 
35483	Reentering to the Schengen Area through a different country	I am traveling to Europe with a multiple entries Schengen Visa issued by Germany. However, I plan to travel to Turkey that is not a Schengen Country. From Turkey I intend to reenter Schengen through Athens. Do I need a Schengen Visa issued by Greece or can I use my Schengen Visa issued by Germany?  Thank you in advance!! 
35482	Schengen Visa to travel to Romania	To travel to Romania, we were instructed by the Romanian embassy that we should either have a multiple-entry Schengen visa or a Romanian visa (which requires an invite from any travel agent in Romania). We are planning to apply for a French Schengen visa (multiple entry), and travel to Romania only, because we find it easier.  In this case, is it necessary to visit France, before or after we travel to Romania? 
35482	Schengen Visa to travel to Romania	To travel to Romania, we were instructed by the Romanian embassy that we should either have a multiple-entry Schengen visa or a Romanian visa (which requires an invite from any travel agent in Romania). We are planning to apply for a French Schengen visa (multiple entry), and travel to Romania only, because we find it easier.  In this case, is it necessary to visit France, before or after we travel to Romania? 
35489	Will any 220-110 voltage adaptor work for a laptop and/or tablet?	The converter I have says for use with cell phone and camera chargers, Ipods, and heating appliances such as hair dryers and curling irons but doesn't specifically mention laptops or tablets. We are traveing to New Zealand and Australia and I don't want to burn out my laptop or tablet. 
35495	Australian living in canada, USA Visa Waiver Program?	I am an Australian citizen currently in the US on the VWP.  My girlfriend (also an Australian citizen) and I are living in Canada on working holiday visas.  We have been in the US for nearly 10 weeks, our VWP expires on the 1st of September.  We have purchased a car and wish to drive to Mexico for 4 weeks and then back through the US to Canada.  We have read that leaving the US to Mexico does not stop or reset out Visa Waiver Program time limit. Does this mean that on our return to the US we will not be able to cross the border?  Thank you for your help. 
35514	If a baby is born mid-flight, what happens visa-wise for them when they land in a foreign country, sans-passport?	I asked a similar question about what nationality a newborn midflight gets, but I'm also now wondering - when they land, what happens? Normally you need a passport and possibly a visa to travel - so how are they usually processed when the plane lands with an extra person? 
35513	If a baby is born on an international flight over international waters, what nationality are they?	I seem to remember one of our members being on a flight when a baby was born, but can't find any reference to what happened to the baby in terms of citizenship.  Generally you hear about pregnant women being advised not to fly, but it does happen.  Sometimes the unexpected happens and a baby is born mid-flight.  Assuming it's an international flight and they're not over a country, what nationality does the baby get? 
35527	I-94W visa ? ESTA?	What is the I-94W visa form?   Traveling by car from Mexico to the USA, via ESTA VWP. Plan to stay in the USA for up to 90 days. Then we head into Canada for 6-8 weeks, before be head back into the US in order to get transport out of NY towards Norway. We're traveling on Norwegian passports. 
35527	I-94W visa ? ESTA?	What is the I-94W visa form?   Traveling by car from Mexico to the USA, via ESTA VWP. Plan to stay in the USA for up to 90 days. Then we head into Canada for 6-8 weeks, before be head back into the US in order to get transport out of NY towards Norway. We're traveling on Norwegian passports. 
35536	Overstayed Schengen Visa, how long to wait before entering again?	I have overstayed a Schengen tourist visa in Hungary by about 2 months, due to just incredible foolishness and not checking visa rules thoroughly. I was denied entry back in, not fined or banned, but my passport was marked. I'm lucky, I know, and Ill never make that mistake again.   My question is, how long do I have to wait before I can enter the area again? I am a bit confused, as some information I found said 90 days should be fine, but another told me I have to wait for the entire length that I was in Schengen area (so in this case, about 150 days).   I was going to apply for a work permit before discovering the overstay, which is why I want to return to Hungary as soon as I can. 
35555	winter in Europe	We are from Australia and have no idea what winter is really like.  We would like to visit Central Europe - Hungary in the months December to February. What do we need  to survive the weather? 
35563	Can I book two tickets to reach my destination with a stop over to my destination?	I have to go to Toronto from New Delhi. My question is:  Can I book two different tickets for my journey, with 2 different airline?  I might have to check-out and then check-in.  For example can I book a ticket from Delhi to Dublin for one particular date and same day another ticket from Dublin to Toronto?  I'm on Student visa. 
35563	Can I book two tickets to reach my destination with a stop over to my destination?	I have to go to Toronto from New Delhi. My question is:  Can I book two different tickets for my journey, with 2 different airline?  I might have to check-out and then check-in.  For example can I book a ticket from Delhi to Dublin for one particular date and same day another ticket from Dublin to Toronto?  I'm on Student visa. 
35563	Can I book two tickets to reach my destination with a stop over to my destination?	I have to go to Toronto from New Delhi. My question is:  Can I book two different tickets for my journey, with 2 different airline?  I might have to check-out and then check-in.  For example can I book a ticket from Delhi to Dublin for one particular date and same day another ticket from Dublin to Toronto?  I'm on Student visa. 
35572	Transit visa for passing through London and Brussels for travelling to Africa from Canada	I'm an Indian citizen living in Canada with a work visa. I arrived on the 20th of May in Canada and on the 30th of September am planning a trip to Yaounde in Cameroon, Africa with a valid visa for the country. The trip itinerary requires me to pass through both London and Brussels. Would I need a transit visa for one or the other? Or would I need a Schengen visa for two layovers in Schengen countries? How does this work?  
35572	Transit visa for passing through London and Brussels for travelling to Africa from Canada	I'm an Indian citizen living in Canada with a work visa. I arrived on the 20th of May in Canada and on the 30th of September am planning a trip to Yaounde in Cameroon, Africa with a valid visa for the country. The trip itinerary requires me to pass through both London and Brussels. Would I need a transit visa for one or the other? Or would I need a Schengen visa for two layovers in Schengen countries? How does this work?  
35572	Transit visa for passing through London and Brussels for travelling to Africa from Canada	I'm an Indian citizen living in Canada with a work visa. I arrived on the 20th of May in Canada and on the 30th of September am planning a trip to Yaounde in Cameroon, Africa with a valid visa for the country. The trip itinerary requires me to pass through both London and Brussels. Would I need a transit visa for one or the other? Or would I need a Schengen visa for two layovers in Schengen countries? How does this work?  
35572	Transit visa for passing through London and Brussels for travelling to Africa from Canada	I'm an Indian citizen living in Canada with a work visa. I arrived on the 20th of May in Canada and on the 30th of September am planning a trip to Yaounde in Cameroon, Africa with a valid visa for the country. The trip itinerary requires me to pass through both London and Brussels. Would I need a transit visa for one or the other? Or would I need a Schengen visa for two layovers in Schengen countries? How does this work?  
35590	Most comfortable seats for family of four - Philippine Airlines Boeing 777-300er SFO-MNL	I'm traveling with wife, 6 yr old and 2 yr old son. Wife is asking me where is the best seat (economy) for our family of 4, comfortable for the kids. 15 hour straight flight. I appreciate your advice. Thanks. 
35611	Stopping at an airport different from destination	I have a Canadian Visa and an air ticket to Toronto via Montreal. However, I would like to stop at Montréal instead of going to Toronto. While I asked my travel agent to cancel this booking, he refused to do so saying it would cost me more. Instead, he asked me to check in only upto Montreal.   Is this possible?   Update: Finally, it turned out to be not as scary as made out in the present answer: When I checked in at Chennai, I asked them to check my luggages only upto Montréal. And, I cleared customs at Montréal and collected my luggage and just walked out...  
35611	Stopping at an airport different from destination	I have a Canadian Visa and an air ticket to Toronto via Montreal. However, I would like to stop at Montréal instead of going to Toronto. While I asked my travel agent to cancel this booking, he refused to do so saying it would cost me more. Instead, he asked me to check in only upto Montreal.   Is this possible?   Update: Finally, it turned out to be not as scary as made out in the present answer: When I checked in at Chennai, I asked them to check my luggages only upto Montréal. And, I cleared customs at Montréal and collected my luggage and just walked out...  
35627	Is a visa needed for a stopover in USA for a person holding a Canadian permanent resident visa?	I have a concern about my approaching flight, I just got my permanent resident visa for Canada. I have a connecting flight from Manila to San Francisco USA, then to Toronto. I will just stay two hours at the San Francisco airport for my connecting flight.  Do I need papers or a visa from the US embassy so they will not hold me or stop me from flying to Canada? 
35636	Can I still travel to Schengen countries if I have an expired residence permit?	I have a work/residence permit in Sweden that is expiring the day before I travel. My new employer is applying for a new permit, but I may not have it (or the card) before I leave for travel.  I will be travelling to the Netherlands, back to Sweden, then Norway and back to Sweden. Should I worry that Sweden will not let me back in? Will they ask to see my card at border control, or is this not done between the Schengen countries? 
35636	Can I still travel to Schengen countries if I have an expired residence permit?	I have a work/residence permit in Sweden that is expiring the day before I travel. My new employer is applying for a new permit, but I may not have it (or the card) before I leave for travel.  I will be travelling to the Netherlands, back to Sweden, then Norway and back to Sweden. Should I worry that Sweden will not let me back in? Will they ask to see my card at border control, or is this not done between the Schengen countries? 
35670	Are the UK Highway Code rules regarding roundabouts sufficient?	Highway Code rule 185 clause 1 states:     When reaching the roundabout you should give priority to traffic   approaching from your right, unless directed otherwise by signs, road   markings or traffic lights.   However, there is no equivalently strong rule that says to give priority to traffic already on a roundabout (or other junction).  This creates a problem:  Illustration 1:  The vehicle emerging from the right is turning left. So you proceed onto the roundabout. The vehicle behind the one turning left shoots across and collides with you. Technically, without an 'already on the junction' rule, you are in the wrong.  Illustration 2:  A four-way mini roundabout. A vehicle arrives at each junction pretty-much simultaneously. Each gives way to the one to the right and comes to a stop. In practice, one driver proceeds and the lock-out is solved. However, he is now in breach of rule 185 clause 1. If the driver to his right was to accelerate and cause a collision, the first driver to move is in breach of rule 185.  There are other Highway Code rules which help but nothing seems to quite fix the problem:  Rule 185 Clause 3     When reaching the roundabout you should watch out for all other road   users already on the roundabout; be aware they may not be signalling   correctly or at all   But "watch out for" is not as strong as "give priority to".  Rule 187 Clause 2     In all cases watch out for and give plenty of room to traffic crossing in front    of you on the roundabout, especially vehicles intending to leave by the next    exit   Even if this is relevant, "watch out for" / "give plenty of room to" are again weak directives compared to "give priority to".        Overview This section should be read by all drivers, motorcyclists, cyclists and horse riders.    The rules in The Highway Code do not give you the right of way in any    circumstance, but they advise you when you should give way to others.    Always give way if it can help to avoid an incident.      "Always give way if it can help to avoid an incident" is helpful, but does it trump "give priority to traffic approaching from your right"?  The fact that, "The rules ... do not give you the right of way ... but they advise you when you should give way", might be the solution if it weren't for the fact that the 'give priority' rule is used to apportion blame where there is no independent witness despite compelling but disputable material evidence.  Have I missed a rule? Have I missed the point? Or is the Highway Code flawed in this respect? 
35678	How does the price for flight tickets between France and New Zealand evolve during the year?	Planning a trip to New Zealand, I'm looking to mitigate my travel date against flight cost.   What is the evolution of prices for round-trip flights between France and New-Zealand during the year? 
35686	How do travel agents make profit?	For the past few months, I've been checking online rates and comparing them to the rates of one travel agent.   Of course, there are some travel agents who charge much higher than when you'll just book the flights yourself, but there's this one case where they always seem to offer a slightly cheaper flight.  How is this possible? Do they have some kind of partnership with the airlines?  How do they make profit when they always offer cheaper flights? 
35686	How do travel agents make profit?	For the past few months, I've been checking online rates and comparing them to the rates of one travel agent.   Of course, there are some travel agents who charge much higher than when you'll just book the flights yourself, but there's this one case where they always seem to offer a slightly cheaper flight.  How is this possible? Do they have some kind of partnership with the airlines?  How do they make profit when they always offer cheaper flights? 
35692	Maximum multiple-entry visa for Europe with a UK work permit	I have a South Africa passport. What is the maximum multiple-entry visa I can get for Europe with a UK work permit? Does the permit improve my chances of getting a longer travel visa for Europe? 
35701	Car Rental in Ireland for under 25 year old	Can a person aged 24 rent a car in Ireland? I have tried a number of car rental companies but all of them have a minimum age requirement of 25. 
35714	In which EU countries it is illegal to carry/have a kubotan keyring at customs?	I had the situation in the past when I had a plastic kubotan key ring at the security checks at the airport in the UK, so one of the officer called the police and it was confiscated and I've received the warning. But it could end up with the worst case scenario.  Therefore in which countries it is illegal to carry/have a kubotan at customs for self-defense? Or where I can check where it's illegal to avoid similar situations in the future?  E.g. UK laws says:   Knives: the laws on buying and carrying at gov.uk     There is a ban on the sale of some knives:         hollow kubotan (cylinder-shaped keychain) holding spikes       But mine did not contain any spikes.   
35728	Entering the EU with insurance info on cellphone	My question concerns entering EU via Sweden to get to Helsinki, I have given all the documents (invitation, contract of my house, bank account, etc.) to my friend. She has printed all of them. I have also bought a ticket to London to get out of the Schengen area, but the insurance is not printed; she has it in her phone to display. Could there be problems with Swedish customs since that is not on paper but on her cellphone?  EDIT: Sorry I misspoke; as Mexicans, we do not require visas to enter the EU, but the Schengen area asks for insurance.  EDIT2: I want to wait until it has passed to see who got the correct answer :) 
35728	Entering the EU with insurance info on cellphone	My question concerns entering EU via Sweden to get to Helsinki, I have given all the documents (invitation, contract of my house, bank account, etc.) to my friend. She has printed all of them. I have also bought a ticket to London to get out of the Schengen area, but the insurance is not printed; she has it in her phone to display. Could there be problems with Swedish customs since that is not on paper but on her cellphone?  EDIT: Sorry I misspoke; as Mexicans, we do not require visas to enter the EU, but the Schengen area asks for insurance.  EDIT2: I want to wait until it has passed to see who got the correct answer :) 
35736	Ecuadorian traveling to Sochi via Heathrow	I am Ecuadorian and I need a DATV to transit Heathrow, London for 7 hours before going to Sochi, Russia. Can I apply for the DATV in Heathrow, or do I need to do it before traveling? 
35765	Which airlines ban the use of Knee Defenders during flight?	I read that some airlines such as United Airlines ban the use of Knee Defenders during flight. Is there any comprehensive list of airlines that ban the use of Knee Defenders during flight (or conversely a list of airlines that do not ban them)? 
35807	Does British Airways allow the use of KneeDefenders?	Yesterday a United Flight from Newark to Denver was forced to divert to Chicago's O'Hare airport after a fight broke out between two passengers over the use of a knee defender.  Does anyone know if this is acceptable with British airways? 
35500	Can I take my disassembled desktop computer on a flight from Turkey to the UK? (some new regulations)	I've read that there are some new regulations for electronic devices at UK airports. If the devices are in your hand baggage, they must be fully charged and you have to demonstrate, that they are working, or something like that.  Now what if I take my desktop computer components - Motherboard, CPU, GPU, RAM, PSU, Hard Drive (no case). I plan to wrap them with a lot of plastic bubble foil.  Would they want me to re-assemble the components and check if they are working? And would such baggage be a cause of some security freak out?  I'm flying from Istanbul to Edinburgh with Turkish Airlines.  I can't afford to waste time giving explanations to police all day for nothing on either the Turkish or British side.  Here's an article I found (http://www.deadlinenews.co.uk/2011/03/18/bomb-scare-at-edinburgh-airport/)  What do you think?  Thanks. 
35825	Can one carry an internal hard-drive in cabin-luggage?	I'm currently in the process of moving from France to Canada.  I have plenty of computer equipment that I just put in boxes and that will be sent by naval transport. One thing I'm scared off though, is that people handling my boxes and/or the container aren't really delicate when it comes to moving stuff that contains hard-drives (I'm mainly concerned about my Network Access Storage device which contains tera-bytes of data). Obviously hard-drives are really sensitive to movement and could break easily if wrongly handled.  Putting those in checked-luggage doesn't seem like a better idea (some would even say it's actually worse) so the only option I can think of is taking at least one of the disks with me in cabin-luggage.  So here comes the question: is one allowed to carry such a disk in cabin luggage ? I know people travel all the time with external hard drives, but in this case, I'm afraid a custom police officer unaware of what this device is, might be afraid of the looks of an unenclosed hard drive such as:    I can easily imagine how one could use a sharp hard drive as a dangerous projectile, but I could say the same for many other items so my concern is more about "What is this metallic/electronic device that you can't turn on ? Is it a BOMB ?!"  I obviously made online backups of anything really valuable, but some of the data files are just too big to be uploaded in reasonable time now.  Should I prepare for the worst ?    Follow-up  I actually used an old case for hard-drives of that size and could go through both french &amp; british customs/security checks without any trouble. They were more concerned about my shoes (you know, terrorist shoes, with small rings of metal to hold the laces) than about my hard drive. 
35823	Paris transit visa	I am travelling to Algeria (ALG) via Air France, and I need to change flights at the airport in Paris. My stay in the airport is not more than 2 hours both ways. I also have a valid US visa.  Do I need a Paris transit visa? If yes, do I need to get 2 visas for coming and return?  My flight is Bombay–Algeria–Bombay by Air France with 2 hours flight change in Paris. 
35850	Re-applying for Schengen visa from French embassy	I obtained a Schengen visa from the French embassy and due to my work commitment I couldn't go. Is this gonna affect my application if I apply again to get a visa? 
35914	Do I need a visa to Transit US?	I am an Indian travelling from India to Cayman Islands via Dubai and US.  I have a valid Cayman islands work permit. I have a layover in Newyork / Miami for around 5 hrs maximum. Should I need a transit visa to transit US or if I have a dubai visa, is it enough to transit US and reach Cayman islands?  if so what is the best alternative option to reach cayman islands without taking a US visa? 
35913	Flying to Germany from USA as Dual Citizen, passport use?	My daughter and I are dual citizens (US and German).  When we book a flight to Germany from the USA, the airline asks for passport details.  I understood to use the passport that lets you legally enter.  Thing is, it's a round trip so does it matter which one I reserve ticket with?   At the US airport counter - show German passports. Exiting Immigration, if checked - show US Passports. Arriving Immigration Germany - show German Passports.  My wife is US citizen only, can she use the EU line with us?  At German airline check in - show US Passports. Departing Immigration - show German Passport. Arriving Immigration - Show US Passport   Looking for confirmation of above and thought on the online ticket reservation details from anyone who knows or is familiar. 
35922	Getting from Oxford to Saunderton (near High Wycombe), by public transport, before 9am?	In a few weeks, I'll need to get from Oxford to the lovely village of Saunderton, which is between Princes Risborough and High Wycombe. I'll need to get there by 9am, and by public transport.  If I was to do the same journey in 2016, then it'd be very easy. I'd hop on a Chiltern Trains service from Oxford towards London Marylebone via Bicester, and change at Princes Risborough. Sadly though, the upgraded and new lines that make up the Evergreen 3 Project are still underway, and it's a year until you'll be able to get a train from Kidlington through Bicester towards London, and 2016 until the full Oxford - Bicester - London route is (re-)opened.  Now, because of said line upgrades and new line construction, I can't even hop on a train from Oxford to Bicester Town, walk a short way across Bicester, and take a train from Bicester North down to Saunderton, since the line is closed for upgrades.  In theory, I could take a train from Oxford into London, walk / tube from Paddington to Marylebone, then a train out to Saunderton. Surely there must be an easier way though...?  So, starting from Oxford, and needing to get to Saunderton before 9am, using only buses and trains (such as there are), is it possible to do the journey by public transport without having to trek into London and back out again?  (If it wasn't for a meeting, with an overnight after it, I'd be tempted to hop on my bike and cycle there via the Phoenix Trail and National Cycle Route 57. I'm not sure it'd work so well cycling it with a laptop and a cabin sized rolling suitcase...!) 
35939	Send 1 overweight suitcase instead of 2 underweight?	We're traveling internationally as a couple and are allowed 2 pieces of checked in luggage. Is it OK to send 1 slightly overweight piece instead of 2 underweight pieces?  Edit: flying El Al 
35941	Greek type D visa: Can I travel to other Schengen countries?	I have a Syrian passport in which I have a Greek student multi type D visa (long-stay national Visa) valid for one year. Can I leave Greece to other Schengen countries (such as Sweden) before getting the residence permit?  I would enter Greece, using my visa, for a few days, then am planning to fly to Sweden. I would be leaving Greece before receiving any residence permit. Would I be allowed to board an airplane in Greece for this travel, or would the visa I have not permit me to go to any other Schengen countries? 
35948	Is a student ID issued by the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi valid for boarding on a domestic flight within India?	I am a student and will be traveling on an upcoming domestic trip on 20 October 2014 within India. This is my first trip and I am 17 years old. Since I am only 17, I am not eligible to obtain government identity proofs such as voter id or a driving license.  However, I do possess an identity card issued by Central Board of Secondary Education (C.B.S.E), New Delhi, (which is a government body) for 10th standard senior secondary board examination at national level. I can use the same ID card for a train journey. The ID card states my name, my father's name, my date of birth and contains a colored photograph of me.  I want to know if that will be valid for boarding on a domestic flight. 
35962	Reliable Android app for GPS without internet connection	I am travelling to Iceland soon, and just found out that my Garmin GPS does not give directions in Iceland.  I know that I will have plenty of locations with Wifi during my vacation, but this will not be the case while driving around the country. I do not want to pay the roaming costs for internet abroad.  This is what leads me to the question: Is there an Android GPS app which lets you download large maps offline in advance, so that you can use the GPS directions without having an internet connection?  
35971	With H1b petition only, can i enter Heathrow airport?	I am travelling from US to India with valid H1B petition. My passport is not stamped with Visa. Can I enter Heathrow airport to change my flight? 
35981	Is there a preferable exit row in an airplane?	I think the exit row near the wings are not good because the wings carry fuel and they are close to the engines.  For example:    As it is clear, in the above situation the exit row near the wings are not usable.  or this one:   
35981	Is there a preferable exit row in an airplane?	I think the exit row near the wings are not good because the wings carry fuel and they are close to the engines.  For example:    As it is clear, in the above situation the exit row near the wings are not usable.  or this one:   
35975	Why do UK train tickets crossing London include the underground, but Paris ones don't for the metro?	When buying a UK train ticket, if one of the allowed routes for it involves changing stations in London, then then the route on the ticket will be printed with a dagger (†; described in publications as a "Maltese cross"). The ticket will then allow you to (at no extra charge) use the London Underground to travel between the stations on your cross-London transfer.  In France, when buying a train ticket which requires a cross-Paris transfer, you are issued with one ticket from the origin to the first Paris station, then a second from the other Paris station to your destination. The ticket is not valid on the RER or metro, and you therefore have to buy an additional ticket on arrival to get you across Paris. (Or walk, but that's only practical in a handful of cases)  What is the reason why the UK system manages to include the cross-London transfer in its tickets, while the French one doesn't for cross-Paris ones? 
35987	Same sex marriage in the UK for foreigners on vacation	While visiting our friends in the UK on vacations and would like to get married there, but neither of us are citizens of the UK.  Does the UK allow same sex marriage for two foreigners on vacation there?  I found information that citizens allowed for same-sex marriage in the UK, but it is unclear if it possible to get married there in case we are both non-citizens (citizens for some other country, not the UK)?  How long should it take to do that (if there any waiting period between applying for marriage licenses): you have to have lived in the registration district for min 7 days before giving notice and you must give min 15 days notice before the marriage.  The list of countries which will recognize get married same-sex couples in the UK abroad is here.  It'll cost £83 to apply.  How to contact the UK government to find out all the details?  The same question regarding the US is here. 
36019	No residence proof , no bank account in UK , how to get Schengen?	I am on ICT tier 2 visa . I dont have any bank account in UK, all my salary and money is in my Indian Account . I live in service apartments provided by my company ,so i dont have any address proof . Please suggest me from which embassy I can get Schengen  visa. What are the documents required ? 
36029	Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport?	I have an Indian passport and would be travelling from Japan to St. Petersberg (Russia) via Amsterdam. I have 20 hours stopover for KLM flight at Amsterdam. Though I have hotel bookings outside, but it seems I do not have time to get a Schengen visa to go out of Airport. So in this case can I stay inside the terminal for 20 hours without any need of VISA? I can manage only with cabin bag and all the flights are with KLM. I have exactly same situation during return trip. 
36041	Electronic Devices and airport security checks	I have seen recently that the US and UK have announced that all 'electronic devices' will have to be 'powered up' before allowing them on board a plane, I believe for the UK it's on all flights though I am not sure about the US.  Starting next month I am going to doing a fair amount of travelling overseas and I am concerned about some particular items I will be carrying like an external HDD, Apple TV, Apple wifi router and a mini PC (similar size to the Apple TV).  These devices don't have a battery and so can't be 'powered up', even if they are plugged in to the mains without a screen or keyboard you wouldn't really be able to tell they were actually 'on'.  I have tried to find out what the 'rules' are but they seem intentionally vague, does anyone have experience of carrying similar devices recently and know whether there might be a problem with the above.   I don't really want to end up at the airport facing losing a lot of expensive equipment and valuable data or missing the flight. 
35998	What happens when you book a flight to a country you don't have a visa for?	I'm a travel newbie but I do want to travel to a lot of places.  It seems that I could book flights to where ever I want to go, but some countries have visa requirements.  What happens if you do get a flight, arrive at the destination, and then realize that there's a visa requirement that you don't have? 
26167	Can an airline operate a flight on the same route with the same flight number twice in one day?	Can an airline operate with two flights in one day to the same destination with the same flight number for example  DUBAI to MUSCAT ETD 0400Z SSV 221   and  DUBAI MUSCAT ETD 1300Z SSV 221 
36067	I am an Indian and travelling from Delhi to London...1 stop at zurich...Do i need Transit visa for the "Zurich" airport......?	I am from India travelling to London by Swiss airways. The itinerary includes one stop at Zurich.   Do I need a transit visa? How much would it cost please? 
36072	Do I need to go through immigration for a transit in Dubai?	I am currently working as temporary assignment in Kabul Afghanistan. Some terrible things happened to last week, My passport has been washed and all the visas were gone even with missing page, fortunately  my bio data page is still viable. I managed to get laissez-passer from Kabul to Dubai then I have to transit in Dubai and fly direct to Addis Ababa to renew my passport.    My question is, do I need to go through Immigration process in Dubai airport as I am connecting to other flight to Addis in 4 hours within the same Terminal 2. I am really scared of Dubai police might give me a hard time.  
36073	What happens if I leave Australia without paying a fine (for setting off fireworks)?	I don't know if anyone can be helpful, but, I ve just received this 670$ fine from the NT.  I stayed for 3 days in Darwin and cracked one small firecracker, and got caught by the cops. (I know its very silly) Not saying that I wondn't mind paying the fine, but 670$ is a bit excessive isn't it? I'm leaving the country in 7 days and I literally have no money on me. What do you think would happen at the airport if I don't pay that fine?  Because I was just on holidays (WHV) I didn't have a permanent address though they sent it to my home in Europe. 
36076	How to use a "code avantage" discount code from the SNCF Voyageur program?	Thanks to this earlier question on the SNCF Voyageur program, I now know roughly how the program works, and I've signed up for it. Despite some issues with previously bought tickets, I've managed to credit some TGV journeys to the program.  On logging into my account today, I notice that there seems to be a discount available for me to use:    It looks like I have a €5 discount available to use in the next few days before it expires. (Sadly I didn't notice it before). However, I can't for the life of me work out where to enter the code when booking a TGV ticket to take advantage of the discount.  So, does anyone know how/where you go about booking a discounted ticket using a "code avantage" shown in your SNCF Voyageur account? 
36076	How to use a "code avantage" discount code from the SNCF Voyageur program?	Thanks to this earlier question on the SNCF Voyageur program, I now know roughly how the program works, and I've signed up for it. Despite some issues with previously bought tickets, I've managed to credit some TGV journeys to the program.  On logging into my account today, I notice that there seems to be a discount available for me to use:    It looks like I have a €5 discount available to use in the next few days before it expires. (Sadly I didn't notice it before). However, I can't for the life of me work out where to enter the code when booking a TGV ticket to take advantage of the discount.  So, does anyone know how/where you go about booking a discounted ticket using a "code avantage" shown in your SNCF Voyageur account? 
36086	Airfares in 1963, Memphis to Los Angeles, round-trip	I'm writing a novel and researching what approximate flight costs (American Airlines?) would have been for round-trip, Memphis/Los Angeles in 1963. I'm guessing $149. Is that close?  
36087	Website to plan travel?	Is there a good website to plan bus and train transportations in France Benelux and Germany?  
35271	Schengen visa application without 3 months worth of bank statements	I would like to ask those of you who know about the subject of Schengen visa applications.  I am applying within the next week for a Schengen visa, and my account statement is only 2 months old, so I cannot provide a proof for the last three months. I have been at my work for only two months, however I am also still a student. What do you think I should do? apply and submit both documents regarding my job plus certificate from my university? Would this be sufficient?   Why would someone leave his country if he has one semester left to graduate, and also has a full time job? 
36099	Flying to UK to reset 90-day rule for USA's Visa Waiver Program?	I have an Australian passport and will be visiting the US as a tourist. Under the VWP, I know I'm allowed to stay in the US for 90 days maximum. My dates are 5 November 2014 to 2 February 2015.   I would like to stay on for just another two weeks until 16 February 2015. I understand that going to Canada and Mexico and then coming back to the US doesn't give me another 90-days, but what if I go to London for let's say a week instead and then re-enter the US? Will that give me a new 90-day period?   I am not trying to do a visa run, but really want to extend my stay for two more weeks before I DEFINITELY leave the US on 16 February.  Thank you! 
36110	Schengen Visa Entry	I live in the UK and I applied for a Schengen Visa to France as I am going there on a team building weekend with my colleagues in October.  The Schengen Visa is valid from August 2014 until February 2015 and is a multiple entry visa.  An opportunity to travel with my husband (who is a British Citizen) to Greece in the next couple of weeks has come up.  Would I be able to visit Greece on this visa or would I have to apply for another one.  My concern is that my filed itinerary is with France and I will be staying in Greece for at least a week, so it will be my longest stay and my port of entry. Does this matter?  With previous Schengen Visas I have travel to other Schengen Countries but only after my original destination.  Not sure if what I am trying to get across is making any sense.  Any help or suggestions would be most welcome.  Thanks  
36118	Same sex marriage in the US for foreigners on vacation	While visiting our friends in the US on vacations we would like to get married there, but neither of us are citizens of the US.  Which states allowing same sex marriage in the US for two foreigners on vacation? I found lots of states which allows same-sex marriage for the US citizens, including: Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire, Washington D.C., New York, Washington, Maine, Maryland, California, Delaware, Minnesota, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Hawaii, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Illinois. But it is unclear is it possible to do get married in case we are both non-citizens (citizens for some other country, not the US)?  How long should it take (in each state) to do that (if there any waiting period between applying for marriage license)?    Illinois has mandatory one-day waiting period.  Massachusetts has a three-day waiting period before issuing marriage licenses. Iowa has three-day waiting period. Washington state requires a three-day waiting period (excluding the day of issue) before a marriage certificate may be signed. Pennsylvania could request and receive marriage licenses immediately and marry after a mandatory 3-day waiting period.   How much it'll cost (in each state)  and which countries will recognize it abroad?  How to contact a government of a state to find out all the details and to receive "official statement" on the subject?  The same question regarding the UK is here. 
35987	Same sex marriage in the UK for foreigners on vacation	While visiting our friends in the UK on vacations and would like to get married there, but neither of us are citizens of the UK.  Does the UK allow same sex marriage for two foreigners on vacation there?  I found information that citizens allowed for same-sex marriage in the UK, but it is unclear if it possible to get married there in case we are both non-citizens (citizens for some other country, not the UK)?  How long should it take to do that (if there any waiting period between applying for marriage licenses): you have to have lived in the registration district for min 7 days before giving notice and you must give min 15 days notice before the marriage.  The list of countries which will recognize get married same-sex couples in the UK abroad is here.  It'll cost £83 to apply.  How to contact the UK government to find out all the details?  The same question regarding the US is here. 
36140	Transfer my train ticket to my relative	I have booked a Rajdhani 3A ticket for the journey on 28/09/2014. The ticket was booked from a railway counter. I want to postpone my journey and transfer the ticket to my relative's name. How I can do this? 
36153	Non-EU citizen Schengen visa via French Embassy	Me and my Filipina wife want to go home to Transylvania, Romania.    Since early 2014, Romania is now a part of the Schengen area. If she has a non-immigrant visa from France, will she be allowed to arrive in Romania?    How much time would it take for the visa processing? 
36153	Non-EU citizen Schengen visa via French Embassy	Me and my Filipina wife want to go home to Transylvania, Romania.    Since early 2014, Romania is now a part of the Schengen area. If she has a non-immigrant visa from France, will she be allowed to arrive in Romania?    How much time would it take for the visa processing? 
36151	As an Indian Citizen, can I use my b1/b2 visa after f1 visa period or will I have to leave US and reenter?	I am from India.I intend to travel to the US for a student clinical elective at a university in Texas for the months of November and December. The university will help me obtain an F-1 status. However, I want to attend a few conferences and educational seminars which are being held in January and february for which I will be using a B1/B2 visa which I already have expiring in 2023.  Will I have to leave the US and come back in January using a B1/B2 visa, or is there another way to change my visa status, or should I apply for both visas again. 
36135	Do I need a Schengen Visa to transit in both Amsterdam and Paris on the way flighting from Canada to Vietnam?	I am Vietnamese. I am studying in Canada. In this December I will fly from Canada to Vietnam. In my fight schedule, I must transit in Amsterdam for 1.5 hours and then in Paris for 3 hours. I wonder if I need a Schengen Visa to flight from Amsterdam to Paris in my schedule? 
36172	How can I work out the price of a UK bus fare online?	I find it vexing and confusing that, while I can get a price for any train ticket, coach ticket, plane ticket, taxi fare etc., there's no obvious way to look up the price of a bus ticket. First - who are the main bus company in the county where I live - will give you the price of fixed tickets like their all day pass, all week pass, and so on, but no indication of what it costs to get between two points. Am I being silly and missing something obvious?  So the question is twofold:  1) How can I work out the cost of a bus fare in the UK?  2) Why is there no obvious facility for calculating bus fares? 
36178	Do I need a transit visa?	I am flight from London to Colombia with a connection in JFK for one hour. I have a Colombian passport with English visa. Do I need a Visa to pass in JFK?   thanks for your help 
36176	passport damage to e-chip	The chip in my UK passport failed to work when I recently re-entered the UK. I have two queries about this.   1) Is there any convenient way of checking whether the chip is actually functioning correctly?  2) I wish to travel to the US soon. If the chip is not working, is it essential to get a new passport in order to be admitted to the US? Apart from the matter of the chip, my passport is not damaged visibly in any way.  
36184	How to get from Monaco to Nice by public transport?	How to take public transport from Monaco to Nice, and beyond to Vence please? 
36221	Cannot book individual leg of multi-leg flight on flight search engine	I am trying to book a flight from A = C on flightnetwork.com.  I find a flight at a good price but with a 20 hour layover in B.  B is a nice city so I thought since my schedule is flexible I would book the first leg of the flight separately, stay a few days then travel to C.  However on the search engine, flight A = B only appears when searching for the A = C with the return ticket.  If I search for A = B it does not appear on the result list at all.  Can anyone explain how this works?  Thanks 
36221	Cannot book individual leg of multi-leg flight on flight search engine	I am trying to book a flight from A = C on flightnetwork.com.  I find a flight at a good price but with a 20 hour layover in B.  B is a nice city so I thought since my schedule is flexible I would book the first leg of the flight separately, stay a few days then travel to C.  However on the search engine, flight A = B only appears when searching for the A = C with the return ticket.  If I search for A = B it does not appear on the result list at all.  Can anyone explain how this works?  Thanks 
36231	Should i buy JR Pass before traveling to Japan?	I wonder if my 12 days trip to Japan (October 2014) worth buying a JR Pass?  Arrive to Narita Airport - 5 Nights in Tokyo - 1 Night in Hakone - 1 Night in Kanazawa - 4 Nights in Kyoto - 1 Night in Osaka - Departure from Osaka Airport  Thanks! 
36233	Air France tickets not visible on checkmytrip (and alternatives)	I recently bought (full paid) a flight ticket with Air France (from their official site) and I got my confirmation code (6 letters and digits).  Normally I use checkmytrip.com to check my flight details and save the page as PDF.  However this reservation is not available on checkmytrip (I get the message The system is unable to retrieve this trip) or alternative sites like the one I found in this question  Is Air France that uses a different booking system or there is another reason why I can't check my flight? 
36255	Does missing the first leg of an ARNK (open-jaw) reservation automatically cancel the remainder of the itinerary?	Normally, when not flying a leg in your reservation, the airlines will cancel the rest of the reservation. Does the same rule apply for open-jaw reservations? I can't seem to find any official reference for this. 
36245	Things to keep in mind booking ARNK international tickets	I'm planning a Europe trip with my fiance and we're interested in booking our flights from and returning to the same city (Brisbane, Australia) but arriving in London and then departing from Rome - which we'll make our own way to from London.   I'm wondering if there is anything to keep in mind when booking tickets this way, will it cause any problems with customs/borders? Does it have to be with the same airline for any reason?   We're booking this all ourselves, no travel agent and it's our first time going to Europe; I really just want to make sure there's no reason not to do this or if there's anything I haven't thought of. 
36264	Do I need a Transit Visa in UK as Indian Citizen coming from Canada after completing my visa duration	Do I need a Transit Visa in UK as Indian Citizen coming from Canada after completing my visa duration. Do not have USA or canadian valid visa. However, has expired USA and Canadian Visa. 
36220	Can I get landside transit visa while flying to US with Indian passport of US B1/B2 visa via London with 22hrs of hault?	I am traveling to US via London, my flight is landing UK local time on 12th Sep 13:50 @ t4. I have another flight to US @ 12:45 on 13th Sep @ t3.  Can I get landside transit visa just to visit the city as it's being said the one and only beautiful London city.  
36279	Bus search engines for Germany without place of arrival?	So, I want to see if I can make a nice daytrip from Germany (to Germany or Netherlands, France... I live near the border so it would be nice if it included also the neighbouring countries) travelling by bus. I just have my departure and a day I want to travel. Now I want to see which destinations can be reached by bus. Is there a website which can offer me something like that? I already found an answer for my question related to flights, but I am still looking for bus routes. I tried the search engines I found in this question but they all need a place of arrival. 
36279	Bus search engines for Germany without place of arrival?	So, I want to see if I can make a nice daytrip from Germany (to Germany or Netherlands, France... I live near the border so it would be nice if it included also the neighbouring countries) travelling by bus. I just have my departure and a day I want to travel. Now I want to see which destinations can be reached by bus. Is there a website which can offer me something like that? I already found an answer for my question related to flights, but I am still looking for bus routes. I tried the search engines I found in this question but they all need a place of arrival. 
36278	Schengen Visa travel to Romania from India	I am Indian citizen living in India and holding a Schengen Visa to Germany. Can I able to travel to Romania with Schengen Visa. 
36278	Schengen Visa travel to Romania from India	I am Indian citizen living in India and holding a Schengen Visa to Germany. Can I able to travel to Romania with Schengen Visa. 
36274	Motorcycle tour of Sweden and Norway	A friend and I are in the early stage of planning a two week motorcycle tour of Sweden and Norway next summer.  Our main consideration is the availability and cost of renting two motorcycles for the trip, preferably with a pick-up / drop-off in Stockholm. A secondary consideration is the ability to take the bikes into Norway for approximately half the trip.  We're looking for advice on renting, or possibly alternatives to renting, from those with experience or good advice on renting / borrowing bikes in Scandinavia.   Who to rent from? What are the conditions? What (if any) alternatives to renting are there? How much should it cost? Can we ride on Australian unrestricted motorcycle licenses?   Thanks. 
36216	Two Passports, One Trip (essentially)	I am both a Jamaican and US citizen and I am traveling to Russia for my studies. I have my student visa in my Jamaican passport. The details of my trip are as follows: I was going to fly to London Heathrow on one airline and then catch another plane to Russia from there. Can I use my American passport for the first leg to London and then use my student visa for the second leg? 
36216	Two Passports, One Trip (essentially)	I am both a Jamaican and US citizen and I am traveling to Russia for my studies. I have my student visa in my Jamaican passport. The details of my trip are as follows: I was going to fly to London Heathrow on one airline and then catch another plane to Russia from there. Can I use my American passport for the first leg to London and then use my student visa for the second leg? 
36291	Flight booking. Extra information to entice quick booking?	I am forever seeing these extra of bits information when browsing for flights directly with the operator. Just how true are they? Where do these figures come from?  Example 1: 22 people currently looking at this route  I find it hard to believe that a relatively uncommon flight has 22 people looking at it nearly 2 months away from flying. How true is this? The skeptic in me suggests that it is a ploy to entice you to book the flight quickly.    Example 2: Only 3 seats left at this price  Again, is this information true? Is this just to get you to book now? I suppose the question is, are the figures given in these examples true or are they just ploys to entice the buyer to book now and are randomly generated? Does anyone have any understanding of where airlines get these figures from?   
36291	Flight booking. Extra information to entice quick booking?	I am forever seeing these extra of bits information when browsing for flights directly with the operator. Just how true are they? Where do these figures come from?  Example 1: 22 people currently looking at this route  I find it hard to believe that a relatively uncommon flight has 22 people looking at it nearly 2 months away from flying. How true is this? The skeptic in me suggests that it is a ploy to entice you to book the flight quickly.    Example 2: Only 3 seats left at this price  Again, is this information true? Is this just to get you to book now? I suppose the question is, are the figures given in these examples true or are they just ploys to entice the buyer to book now and are randomly generated? Does anyone have any understanding of where airlines get these figures from?   
36293	How to get travel insurance for a trip beginning in India and ending in the UK	I am a UK citizen who has been working in India for the last year. When my contract ends I am going to travel from India to Nepal and then back to India over the next two months, before flying back to the UK where I will take permanent residence.  I want travel insurance (especially health insurance) for this trip, however all UK policies I have found require the trip to start and end in the UK and all Indian policies require you to be living in India, which I am currently but won't be from the point at which my trip starts.  Does anyone know of a travel insurance company that will cover me in this strange situation? 
36301	Schengen business visa extension in Spain	I'm travelling to Spain for business purpose and my visa is valid for just 14 days. Now I have another very urgent business to attend to in the Netherlands. Can I extend my stay for another 10 days to complete my business meeting in the Netherlands?  Can I get an extension in Spain, prior to entering the Netherlands? I haven't left for Spain yet and currently staying in my residence country (India). 
36306	What if my boarding pass name does not match perfectly with my id card?	My surname is LO and my given name is Kei Cheung Arthur while my boarding pass name only shows that I am Arthur LO.  Will it affect my boarding? 
36312	Cancelling Connection flight	I'm traveling with KLM from Chicago via Amsterdam to Frankfurt. I decided spontaneously to stay a few days in Amsterdam. Therefore I wanted to cancel my connection flight, but the KLM website says I'll have to pay a fee in order to do that. I don't see the point as I'm not using a service I payed for anyway.   So is it possible for me to tell the people at the check in to book my luggage for Amsterdam, not Frankfurt? And just get off over there?   As I am German, there should be no problem with border controls I assume.  
36312	Cancelling Connection flight	I'm traveling with KLM from Chicago via Amsterdam to Frankfurt. I decided spontaneously to stay a few days in Amsterdam. Therefore I wanted to cancel my connection flight, but the KLM website says I'll have to pay a fee in order to do that. I don't see the point as I'm not using a service I payed for anyway.   So is it possible for me to tell the people at the check in to book my luggage for Amsterdam, not Frankfurt? And just get off over there?   As I am German, there should be no problem with border controls I assume.  
36317	A day visit to San Francisco possible with a 11 hour stopover?	I'm reaching San Francisco (SFO) international terminal at 11:45am and have a connecting domestic flight at 10:45pm. There is no luggage transfer available and I will have to clear immigration and handle my luggage personally the full day. In such a scenario is it a viable option to try and visit a few off-beat places in San Francisco?   There's also the fact that I have about 36 hours in San Francisco later during my return journey, which is when I plan on taking some full day tour.  If a trip to San Francisco is viable during this 9 hour layover, what places can I visit? 
36373	Do I need Italian Transit Visa?	I am an Indian student studying in US. My flight route is JFK New York - Milan Malpensa Airport - Dubai - Mumbai.  My flight has a stopover of 2 hours at Milan airport. I am a citizen of India and I have a valid F1 US student visa.  Do I need a transit visa for Milan airport? 
36388	Travel with violin Amtrak from Trenton NJ to Lancaster PA	Does anyone have experience taking musical instruments out of Trenton? My violin case just measures outside the sizing given on amtrak.com for medium-sized cases. What I want to avoid is getting to the train station, and then being forced to buy a second ticket because my case is two inches too long (all the other dimensions easily fit). Does anyone know how strict they may be about allowing it? It seems that I really shouldn't have a problem with the overhead space and such, and as far as I know, it's not a particularly busy train. I'll also be going from Indianapolis back to Trenton non-stop. I've done a lot of reading so far about cellos on Amtrak, but any violin-specific advice would be appreciated. 
36390	First entry to Italy on a Schengen visa issued by Greece	Is landing in Italy as the port of first entry allowed on a Schengen visa issued by Greece? Is there any official website to take a print for records? 
36392	Getting on a Round Trip for an Airplane not From the Starting Position	Can I get on a round trip for an airplane not from the starting position? I want to go to a place, and want to book the round trip flight but not get on at the first stop. Will the flight company cancel the second flight if I don't show up on the first? I want to do this because it is cheaper for me. 
36392	Getting on a Round Trip for an Airplane not From the Starting Position	Can I get on a round trip for an airplane not from the starting position? I want to go to a place, and want to book the round trip flight but not get on at the first stop. Will the flight company cancel the second flight if I don't show up on the first? I want to do this because it is cheaper for me. 
36392	Getting on a Round Trip for an Airplane not From the Starting Position	Can I get on a round trip for an airplane not from the starting position? I want to go to a place, and want to book the round trip flight but not get on at the first stop. Will the flight company cancel the second flight if I don't show up on the first? I want to do this because it is cheaper for me. 
36390	First entry to Italy on a Schengen visa issued by Greece	Is landing in Italy as the port of first entry allowed on a Schengen visa issued by Greece? Is there any official website to take a print for records? 
36390	First entry to Italy on a Schengen visa issued by Greece	Is landing in Italy as the port of first entry allowed on a Schengen visa issued by Greece? Is there any official website to take a print for records? 
36414	Do I need a UK visa if I have a 7-hour layover in London?	I’m a South African travelling from the USA to South Africa via London. Will I need a visa or something even if I don’t go out of the airport? 
36352	How many iPhone 6 devices can I bring into India?	My Aunt lives in Newyork (United States) she's Indian, she's been there more than a year. I just ordered her 2 iPhone 6 phones for me and my brother personal use. The main problem is that with 2 iPhone + her own personal 1 iPhone 5s she is using. Will the Customs officials in Airport clear that 2 new Sealed iPhone as duty free or she will be charged? Help me here. If she will be charged than how much PERCENTAGE EXCISE TAX shall she pay? 
36352	How many iPhone 6 devices can I bring into India?	My Aunt lives in Newyork (United States) she's Indian, she's been there more than a year. I just ordered her 2 iPhone 6 phones for me and my brother personal use. The main problem is that with 2 iPhone + her own personal 1 iPhone 5s she is using. Will the Customs officials in Airport clear that 2 new Sealed iPhone as duty free or she will be charged? Help me here. If she will be charged than how much PERCENTAGE EXCISE TAX shall she pay? 
36424	Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension	I am travelling to India via Frankfurt. My current visa status is on H1B extension with approved I797. I checked the German consulate site on the transit visa requirements and it says transit visa is exempt 'If they return from the USA after having used the visa'  Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension? Has anyone faced similar situation? 
36375	What do I lose by not booking flights through a travel agent?	I take quite a lot of flights for both business and pleasure, and although I typically book my business flights through a (corporate-mandated) travel agent, I always book my personal flights directly with the airline (I should add that I am fussy, and I normally fly only with full-service airlines; no budget ones for me).  From time to time, I read that booking flights through a travel agent, either online or physical, can lead to cheaper prices. At least for simple trips (one airline, maybe a simple return), I have a hard time believing this to be the case; the airline has most direct control over their tickets, travel agents add a layer of extra indirection that has to be paid for, etc.  So am I losing anything by not booking with a travel agent? Am I really likely to get better prices?  Edit: I should be clearer - let me restrict the scenario by imagining that I already know what I want - e.g. to get from LHR to ORD on date X/Y/Z, with no stops, ideally on American Airlines. Can a travel agent still offer me something in that scenario? 
27491	Do I need a transit visa in Frankfurt, Germany on the way to India?	I am travelling from US to India, with an Indian passport but expired F1 visa and going there to get my H1B visa stamping. I have a stop at Frankfurt, Germany for 4 hours while flying to India. Do I need a transit visa for my trip? 
36456	Why do arrival and departure cards exist?	When I clear passport control in every country I've visited so far, one of the first things the officer does is scan my passport and pull up my info on his computer.  He then collects an arrival card from me that contains exactly the same info as what's in my passport, plus some info about my trip (duration of stay, address, etc.).  When I go to leave the country, I am (usually) required to then submit a departure card, which – unlike the arrival card – is 100% redundant with what's in my passport.  These pieces of paper are considered so important that travelers are not permitted to enter/leave the country without them.  What is their purpose, if most (all?) of the information on them can be collected from the passport? 
36454	Question regarding transit visa in Germany for an Indian citizen?	I am travelling from Toronto to new Delhi. I have a valid Indian passport and a valid Canada student visa. I have stops at Munich and Frankfurt for 1 hour and 1.5 hours respectively. Do I need any kind of transit or airport transit visa? 
36468	Narita Airport Custom check for tax-free purchased items	I understood that I need to show my purchased item with the form attached on my passport to a custom officer at Narita Airport.  I would like to know where is this custom office located. Based on what I had googled, the custom check for this purchased item is after the check-in counter. This means I have to hand-carry it.  I would like to check-in my purchased items. Is it possible or must I hand-carry the purchased item?  Appreciate anyone's input. 
36476	Is there a website or resource with tips of places where to leave luggage?	Based on this answer I started wondering in which options are available to leave luggage.  It's a common probelm when travelling and the most usual places are either in a locker (at airports, trainstations) or luggage rooms (at the hotel/hostel). It wouldn't be the first time though where the place where I stay doesnt keep luggage, the prices of the lockers are prohibitive or they don't exist. I wonder if there is some resource with tips to leave luggage safe and/or affordably.  Eg.: I once met a guy that use to leave his luggage in hotel lobbies. He just left it there and never disappeared. Worst case scenario, someone from the hotel would pick it and put it behind the counter.  This was a long time a ago. Nowadays you might get your luggage exploded thinking its a bomb :) 
36482	A - type visa for Iranians with Canadian visa	Do I need a transit visa to fly from Iran to Canada with an immigrant visa but through Rome and Amsterdam? 
19432	Overstaying on a US Visa Waiver Program	A friend of mine came from Australia on the WVP and stayed 92 days. I made a mistake booking Her flight scheduling a Saturday arrival/departure at DFW. This amounted to a 92 day stay and with no funds to rebook a low cost flight through Qantas it was necessary to leave on the scheduled flight.   Question # 1) Was a automatic I-94W submitted by the airlines? She had no customs forms to fill out upon departure.   Question #2) How does this effect another WVP being issued if applied for? 
36498	Can minors with dual US/UK citizenship travel to the US on their UK passports?	My children have dual citizenship. We live in the UK; their US passports have expired. We are travelling to the States for a week in October. I am hoping that they can travel on their UK passports with an ESTA without problems. Would that work? I have a UK passport.  
36470	List all non-stop flights between city X and any European city?	My friend was asking "from which European cities can you fly non-stop to Mumbai?"  Similarly I'd like to know all cities in Europe with non-stops to Hong Kong.  (Note too that ideally it would be better to know "dailies"... since once a week etc kind of sucks.)  The only way I know to do this currently:if you go to the online live departures board for an airport, say Zurich, and if you look through a couple of day's worth, you will indeed, discover, pretty much all the non-stop flights from that city!  This is not ideal, so someone may have a better answer.  (Another thing I do is just starting on Expedia at a small city, sift through the flights and you can get an idea of where the the non-stop long distance flights in question go from.  So, it's kind of "find the hubs" if you will.)  So, the best way to find this info?  All the non-stop possibilities from X to which European cities?  (Hong Kong or Mumbai are good examples.)  Cheers!  Again it's funny that the only way I've ever really been able to figure this is "look at the departure board!!! for, for example HK or Mumbai in the examples.    Note I originally voted to close this since I found a dupe.  But Mikka's answer below blows away that old question so don't close it for the sake of future internauts... 
36505	I am travelling to Miami and have a 6 hour stopover in Heathrow airport. Do I need a visa?	I am travelling to Miami on 22 December 2014 and have a valid usa visa. On my way there I have a 2 hour stop over at Heathrow airport and then a 6 hour stopover on my way back in January 2015. Do I need a visa for this stopover?  
36510	Transit Visa For Italy	Do I need a Transit visa while traveling to India via   Malpensa Airport (MXP) on H1B extension  I do not have current stamp on my passport no my wife (H14) It is a 2 hr gap at Malpensa airport.  
36522	Middle name missing on flight reservation, API needs middle name	We are flying with Monarch, but I booked the ticket through a package holiday company and forgot to give my husband's middle name at the time of the booking (they did not ask for it). We will travel to Tunisia and will have to provide API (Advance Passanger Information) at the check-in desk and as the API requires the full name (first, middle and last name) I am worried that they will notice that my husband's middle name is missing from the flight reservation.    Is there a rule that flight tickets have to contain middle names as well? I checked Monarch's website and although the middle name is emphasised for the API, it is not specified for ticket bookings; moreover, if you book your ticket online, they only ask for first name and surname.  Do you think this could create a problem? Can he be denied from boarding? (I don't want to call the airline, as I've heard airlines love charging for extras such as a name change so I am not sure if I would be provided with accurate information.) 
36538	14 hour layover in Incheon, how to spend the time?	In a couple days, I'll be arriving at Incheon International Airport (ICN) at around 5 AM local time, and departing 6:40PM. Will sleep till 10AM - 11AM, leaving me with 7 hours of free time.  What's the best way to get a taste of South Korean culture and life in these hours? I know there is a high-speed train to Seoul which takes 45 minutes both ways, but I'm not so sure yet of going that far from the airport. Then again, I would like to get out of the airport if possible, to see some of Incheon.  What are the best places and destinations to go during these six hours? Is it wiser to stay inside ICN or should I spend sometime exploring the area on foot/train/bus? This is assuming that I will have a secure place to put luggage. I can also exchange money for Korean Won. 
36540	Do Philippines citizens need visa for London Heathrow stopover?	I'm a Philippines citizen staying in Norway. I have a valid tickets from Oslo to Manila via London Heathrow with a 2-3 hours stopover in London. Do I need an English transit visa for this stopover? 
36543	About Istanbul Transit Visa	I am Indian Citizen. I having Valid Malta Visa. Now My flight is from India to Istanbul and from Istanbul to Malta. I having Halt in Istanbul for around 3-4 Hours. So please let me know can I have to obtain Transit Visa for Istanbul 
36563	When are U.S.-bound flights required to confiscate liquids at the gate?	In a recent question, I found that the U.S. requires flights from Hong Kong that are bound for the U.S. to confiscate liquids in containers above 100 mL from carry-on luggage in a secondary screening at the gate. However, this did not occur on a recent (June 2014) flight I took to the U.S. from Incheon, South Korea. I've also read forum posts where this has not applied to others going to the U.S. from Seoul or parts of Europe, but also where it has applied to those flying to the U.S. from some other places, including Latin America.  So, under what conditions are U.S.-bound flights required to confiscate liquids from carry-on items at the gate (as opposed to only confiscating them at security checkpoints and allowing items purchased airside to be taken on the plane, as happens on U.S. domestic flights?)  Is this only from certain countries whose primary screening isn't approved by the U.S. DoT (or DHS, as the case may be) for some reason? If so, is there a definitive list of which countries require (or, conversely, don't require) this check at the gate?  Is there an element of randomness to whether liquids acquired airside may be allowed on any given U.S.-bound international flight or is the procedure generally the same from a given departure point? It appears that, at least in the specific case of Hong Kong, the gate check is always applied, but I'm wondering about the general case of U.S.-bound international flights.  In order to limit the scope of the question, I'm not referring to items purchased in duty-free shops and the special rules and circumstances that may be involved with those. I'm just concerned with filling up or buying a water bottle or buying a soda or some such thing airside and taking it on the plane. 
35492	Will Bárðarbunga threaten my vacation?	(This question is probably extremely localized as it may not even be relevant anymore in a few days/weeks/months. I am worried about it however.)  On September 1st, I am flying to Iceland for a vacation where I'm taking a road trip around the ring road. However, with Bárðarbunga's impending eruption, I am wondering whether parts or the whole trip will need to be canceled. Camping grounds north of the volcano have already been evacuated, and personally I am planning to stay at a camping in Skaftafell, which is about 80 km south of the volcano.   Is there any risk of this camping in Skaftafell being evacuated in the upcoming weeks as well? Or am I overestimating this problem? Or, in case I am underestimating it, is there a possibility that my entire trip will need to be canceled?  
36566	I am a Moroccan citizen travelling from USA to Morocco, and I have a layover in Denmark for three hours, do i need a visa to transit	I am a Moroccan citizen, I was in USA as tourist, and I plan to go back to Morocco through Norwegian airways, I have a layover for three hours in Copenhagen, do I need a visa?? 
36586	Transit Visa through London Heathrow from India to USA	I am going to travel to USA from Bangalore on BA and would transit throu Heathrow Airport. Do I need a transit visa for the transit time of 5 hours at LHR both ways? I will be at the airport and not explore the city. Please reply. Thanks much. 
36606	Will be flying British airways to Jamaica with airport change from Heathrow to Gatwick do I need transit visa	I am Indian citizen planning to travel on British airways from India to Kingston (Jamaica). As Indian national I do not need Jamaican visa for visit? But do I need to get the transit visa if I change airport from Heathrow to Gatwick (will be flying the British airways entire trip)? 
36604	Travelling from Saudi Arabia to Toronto on dual passports, visa waiver with American?	I am little confused this time because my son has dual passports (Pakistani and American), now we are going to Toronto, Canada and for US nationals a visa is not required.   But in this case, we are using his Pakistani passports on iqama (permanent resident card) so his exit will be on Pakistani passport. Is it ok for him to travel out using the Pakistani passport and then show his US passport in Canada for a visa exemption? 
36624	Need to travel Tokyo in layover. Do I need transit visa?	I am traveling through Narita airport and have layover of 9 hours. I am Indian citizen with US F1 visa. This is morning time and I want roam around Tokyo. Do I need transit visa to go out from airport. If yes how do I apply for transit visa. 
36623	Is it possible to travel from Korcula to Dubrovnik in October?	We will be travelling to Croatia in October with limited time.  Trying to figure out if possible to go from Split to Hvar on to Korcula ( seems like ferry still runs). Cannot seem to get from Korcula to Dubrovnik without back tracking to Split. Am I missing something?  thanks! 
36659	A European city to visit during the end of December	I planned to visit Vienna at this time of the year but searching the internet, most of people do not recommend traveling to central Europe at this time since it is too cold and showery. The following factors are important to me:   long days warm weather (or at least not cold and rainy/snowy)  Open sights and monuments (not closed for the Christmas holidays) Not too crowded   I read somewhere that Barcelona would be a good choice, is it true? What are my other choices? And what about Bruges? 
36677	More Flight Routes from India to Grand Cayman	Need some more routes from India to Grand Cayman. How can I book air ticket from India to Georgetown, Cayman Islands without any Transit visa that is required by UK/USA, or which are the countries where I can take connecting flight of same airways or different airways without any further transit visa that is required in USA/UK. 
36692	Do I need a transit visa for London, UK?	I'm Chinese citizen, leaving in Italy and in possession of an unlimited permission of stay in Italy, I flow from MILAN to BEIJING via LONDON with return ticket, everything = OK,  by getting to the BEIJING airport for the return flight via LONDON to MILAN I have got the check-in refused becouse of laps of TRANSIT VISA for LONDON  Can you pls. confirm that I'm exempted from transit visa,   Thanks &amp; Regards 
36694	Do I need a transit visa for Seoul? I'm a Philippine passport holder	I would just like to ask if I do need a visa to transit in Seoul. I read somewhere that is is not needed if it is transiting to a third country and provided that the person will leave within 24 hours. In my case, it will be from third country to Germany. 
36693	Can I cross over from Canada to the U.S. and back without my passport?	I am sending my passport to be renewed.  If I go to the States from Canada, can I cross with my driver's license and birth certificate? I can also take a copy of my passport if need be. 
36697	Stop over in London	We are travelling from South Africa to Denver to visit my son but we have a stop over at heathrow for 11 hours, my granddaughter lives in the uk, could we pass through security to see her? We are traveling from the same airport and understand we will need to go through Security again, we have an American tourist visa, would we need to get another type of visa even if we don't leave the Airport?  
36674	Phone during a holiday to usa	I am visiting USA on a holiday next week. We would like to use a prepaid sim in our own mobile phones - Motorola G and a Samsung s4 mini. What is a recommended provider that will provide unlimited usa calls, free data up to 500mb and some talktime on international mobile phones? 
36674	Phone during a holiday to usa	I am visiting USA on a holiday next week. We would like to use a prepaid sim in our own mobile phones - Motorola G and a Samsung s4 mini. What is a recommended provider that will provide unlimited usa calls, free data up to 500mb and some talktime on international mobile phones? 
36691	Why does connecting flight need a security check at connection airport?	I'm just wondering why when flying with connection flights, when I come at the connecting airport, straight from the arrivals and to the departures, why do I have go through a security check.  Since I'm coming straight from the plane and I'm not leaving the air side, why is this extra, annoying, check for?  I've tried to search but all I've found is something on LHR website that doesn't explain much. 
36718	Transit visa for Brussels for Jordanian citizens	I am travelling from UAE  to Russia  in coming month.  My flight will halt for about 4 hr at Brussels, there I will take another flight to Russia    May I know whether I would require transit Visa-on-arrival at Brussels Airport, if for any unexpected reason passengers are asked to disembark the flight?  I am Jordanian citizen  
36714	How to enforce transit points during flight booking to avoid transit visas?	I am using skyscanner to search for international flights. It is an outstanding app, but when searching for flights from India to Cayman Islands it only shows connections through USA and UK. Why are there no other connections listed (e.g., through Russia) for which I do not require a transit visa? 
36721	Port of Entry Query	I have SCHENGEN BV VISA for Finland with multiple entries. But due to some reasons my Business meeting got cancelled and I couldn't travel.   But now I have a business meeting in Switzerland. Can I travel to Switzerland directly or first port of entry should be Finland?  
35540	Strange knob on airplanes?	I have noticed this strange knob on flights typically near the video screen (in this case on the right and is underneath the USB port).    Is there a use to this knob or is it just a component which has remained in airplane design for some reason or the other and is not required for use by the passenger?  Typically it just comes out to a certain length and goes back in, does it do something else as well? 
36717	What's the best SIM card for France, with long validity and no hidden fees?	What's the best SIM card for France, with long validity and no hidden fees? And preferably cheap to access from other countries. I come to Europe for some months every year and wish to have continuity of the phone number and confidence regarding the expenditure. Two years ago I bought a Lebara Sim and put lots of Euros on it as they said it would not expire in that case. when I returned a few months later I found they had stolen my money and de-activated the sim card. Thanks for your help. 
36734	Travelling from US to India via Brussels with Jet Airways , do I need a transit visa?	Travelling from US to India via Brussels with Jet Airways , do I need a transit visa?   I-94 Expired Visa Expired Valid H1-B pettion till 2017 
36734	Travelling from US to India via Brussels with Jet Airways , do I need a transit visa?	Travelling from US to India via Brussels with Jet Airways , do I need a transit visa?   I-94 Expired Visa Expired Valid H1-B pettion till 2017 
36723	Is riding a bicycle in the parks of Glasgow allowed?	I have heard that bicycles are not allowed in some parks in London, so I thought that maybe in Glasgow the council has the same rule.   Are they forbidden in Glasgow? Does it depend on the park? 
36744	What is the closest city I can go from a bullet train departing from Beijing?	In my country, we don't have high-speed bullet trains and I have no previous experience riding a bullet train either. I have a one week vacation in Beijing (both arrival and departure in Beijing PEK airport).    What is the shortest city that there are bullet trains operating from Beijing?   Trains to Shanghai take about 5 hours each way, so that is too much just to experience the train itself. Are there any cities that takes about 1-3 hours each way?  Sorry if this question seems lack of research. I tried with some cities but I could not find any reliable sites to determine if the train is bullet train or not.   *by bullet train, I meant those trains that go ~300 km/h.     Pic showing example of handheld GPS working on a train:   
36746	Where to meet outside Heathrow T3?	Although I am not travelling, I expect this question to benefit other travellers, and that's why I am asking this in Travel SE!  So where can I meet my family at Heathrow T3? They would be coming in by EK5101 Emirates operated by Qantas at T3, and I would come from central London in the Piccadilly line.  I really don't want to travel all the way from central London to Heathrow a day or two beforehand to study the landscape.   My family will not be having their UK sim cards - I have the sim cards Is there a public meeting area immediately outside T3, or does T3 directly connect with the Piccadilly line? Is it more easy to designate one of the T3 arrival gates to be our meeting area, or designate the tube's ticket-barriers as our meeting area? Do all the arrival passengers leave from one single T3 gate, or several gates over vast distances? Google Maps and even the interactive map is really confusing! Can I go into the "Arrivals Public Area" from the Piccadilly line, or is that only accessible to arrival passengers?   Similar question: Where to meet another traveller at Heathrow T5 
36760	UK visa refused, now I want to reapply but didn't mention my family last time - what to do?	I applied for a tourist visa to UK. I am a student at university. I gave them proof that I am studying at my university. I got refused because he was not satisfied that I will go to UK and come to Egypt again and I didn't get him a document to prove that I will stay the next year in my university (I don't know how can to get that document). I have a British uncle who lives in London but when I was applying for the first time I wrote in my application that I don't have any family members in the UK. Now if I want to apply again what should I do? Can I make my uncle send me an invitation or  will that be too risky for me as that'll expose my previous lie? Will that get my application refused? 
36776	Extension of Schengen Visa	I am visiting my sister in Switzerland, my visa type C, my duration of stay 32 days  for 30/Aug to 1/Oct. I want to extend my stay 10 days more, is it possible? And if I can, where should I go to? (it's still 7 days in my visa visit it end at 1/Oct i want to stay to 11/Oct ). What can I do? And what documents I need? Could anyone please suggest if I would need a formal approval process from local canton office? 
36776	Extension of Schengen Visa	I am visiting my sister in Switzerland, my visa type C, my duration of stay 32 days  for 30/Aug to 1/Oct. I want to extend my stay 10 days more, is it possible? And if I can, where should I go to? (it's still 7 days in my visa visit it end at 1/Oct i want to stay to 11/Oct ). What can I do? And what documents I need? Could anyone please suggest if I would need a formal approval process from local canton office? 
36782	Unpaid hospital bill	I am a tourist who visited the US recently, during our stay my daughter had a high fever with chills so we brought her at the emergency, I told them we are tourist, I signed some few papers which I didnt read anymore because I was so worried about my daughter. Then they asked for my address. I gave the address where we were staying during our visit in the country but of course that was temporary because we were just visiting. Now they are collecting payment at that address, although that I'm already at our home country.   Can they force payment to them? Will I be questioned at the port of entry the next time I visit? 
36799	When is the best day and time to buy tickets at Qantas?	Is there any day of the week and time when airfares are statistically the cheapest to buy? I read this question, but does anyone know it specifically for Qantas?  Particularly, I'm searching for a flight from São Paulo (Brazil) to Auckland (New Zealand). 
36847	PlayStation4 From Hong Hong to INDIA	Am planning to buy PS4 from Hong Kong and about to return India, do they charge custom duty tax for that once i arrive in india?  Please reply  
36851	Schengen visa extension from 30 days to 90 days	I have got Schengen visa for Spain for 30 days validity. I am from India and now I am in Spain for my company training program. Initially I applied for 90 days visa but got only for 30 days. Now my company is trying to extend it from Spain for complete 90 days duration.  Is it possible to get my visa extended? 
36852	Going to US, information on forex to be carried	I would be flying to US (California) for employment next week. To survive for the first month, until I get my first paycheck I'll be carrying some US Dollars from India. I have decided to carry around US$600 with me. However, I need some help on whether it's a good idea to carry the entire amount in currency notes or divide it among currency notes and traveler's checks. I am also thinking about carrying a forex card maybe, as an option. Either way if I lose any of them, I'll be losing the amount, isn't it? Or does it work in a different way? 
36857	Visa requirements traveling in Transit via Heathrow	Traveling from Boston via London (Heathrow) to South Africa. Will be in Transit. Do I need a visa? 
36860	Traveling to Brazil as a Dual US / South African citizen	I am a dual South African  / US citizen, living in the US.  I want to travel to Brazil but avoid having to get a visa as I would have to do as a US citizen. As a South African, a visa is not required.  Can I leave the US on my US passport (which is required by law) and then enter Brazil on my South African passport?  I imagine the steps would be as follows:   Check in to the flight using my SA passport (possibly having to show the airline my US passport as well to prove they won't have to fly me back). Go through passport control with my US passport Enter Brazil on my South African passport Leave Brazil on my South African passport (while showing the airline the US passport to prove they won't have to fly me back) Enter the US on my US passport.   Should I expect to encounter any problems if I do this? 
36860	Traveling to Brazil as a Dual US / South African citizen	I am a dual South African  / US citizen, living in the US.  I want to travel to Brazil but avoid having to get a visa as I would have to do as a US citizen. As a South African, a visa is not required.  Can I leave the US on my US passport (which is required by law) and then enter Brazil on my South African passport?  I imagine the steps would be as follows:   Check in to the flight using my SA passport (possibly having to show the airline my US passport as well to prove they won't have to fly me back). Go through passport control with my US passport Enter Brazil on my South African passport Leave Brazil on my South African passport (while showing the airline the US passport to prove they won't have to fly me back) Enter the US on my US passport.   Should I expect to encounter any problems if I do this? 
36865	Consular help for EU national in a country with a limited consulate of own country?	According to EU regulations "[y]ou are eligible for consular protection if you are a national of an EU Member State in distress in a country outside the EU where your country does not have an embassy/consulate".  But my own country (the Netherlands) has a consulate in Madagascar and it seems that this consulate is very limited though, only available during office hours and there is no emergency phone number. This is not going to help me if I have troubles on e.g. Friday night.  Then according to the website, when I actually search there, it seems as if the "Netherlands does not have consulates in Madagascar", so I am "entitled to protection by the consular authorities of" both the French and German consulates. I'm not completely sure if the website is giving me the correct result in my case.  Main question: As an EU national am I entitled to consular help if my own country only provides limited services through its consulate or embassy?  (Of course I will keep the French emergency phone number on me while in Antananarivo regardless.) 
36861	How to apply and get schengen visa after it has been rejected	I had posted a question here when my schengen visa was rejected once. I applied the second time and I got the visa. So I decided to post my experience and also share what I did right the second time to get my Schengen visa. I hope it helps some one who will be in my situation. If there is any other ways to share my experience kindly let me know. Cheers. 
26737	Crossing the Atlantic by sailing boat, South America to Europe	For a while now I was harbouring the idea to cross the Atlantic not by plane but by any sort of oceangoing transport, in an attempt to travel slowly, reflect upon my time in South America and getting back to Europe.  Now, I don't really have a clue how to start looking for opportunities. I know from some people in the Canary Islands that going by sailing boat is an option. Their approach is to stay around the harbour area and ask around for arising opportunities. I found the following part of an answer on this site also (but it doesn't mention in detail where in South America I might find a boat):     Morten: "An other option to cross the Atlantic Ocean is by private sailing boats. But because of the sea (wind and currents) the season is from April to June. In the other months the sailing boats leave to Europe from the Caribbean Islands like Martinique. So you have to go there first."   I'm in Chile right now. I can reach Argentina, Peru, or southern Brazil. I don't have a fixed schedule when I need to get back to Europe. I also don't mind the destination country. I have no experience on sailing boats though I've been on other vessels before. I also have an ocean based profession if that's any help. I cannot afford to spend a lot of money, but a few hundred Euro would be OK.  My question is: what is the best way to look for opportunities? Where, in southern South America, am I most likely to find sailors going to Europe? 
26737	Crossing the Atlantic by sailing boat, South America to Europe	For a while now I was harbouring the idea to cross the Atlantic not by plane but by any sort of oceangoing transport, in an attempt to travel slowly, reflect upon my time in South America and getting back to Europe.  Now, I don't really have a clue how to start looking for opportunities. I know from some people in the Canary Islands that going by sailing boat is an option. Their approach is to stay around the harbour area and ask around for arising opportunities. I found the following part of an answer on this site also (but it doesn't mention in detail where in South America I might find a boat):     Morten: "An other option to cross the Atlantic Ocean is by private sailing boats. But because of the sea (wind and currents) the season is from April to June. In the other months the sailing boats leave to Europe from the Caribbean Islands like Martinique. So you have to go there first."   I'm in Chile right now. I can reach Argentina, Peru, or southern Brazil. I don't have a fixed schedule when I need to get back to Europe. I also don't mind the destination country. I have no experience on sailing boats though I've been on other vessels before. I also have an ocean based profession if that's any help. I cannot afford to spend a lot of money, but a few hundred Euro would be OK.  My question is: what is the best way to look for opportunities? Where, in southern South America, am I most likely to find sailors going to Europe? 
36930	A year long Schengen visa but I have passed the three months maximum stay	I have been granted a Schengen visa for one year with the condition of staying a maximum of 90 days in Spain back in April, now, I have exceeded that period without calculating. I flew out of Spain for work but then returned, I got held in the airport because the police did calculate how long I stayed and did not allow me in.   I hold a Saudi passport and my visa is still valid until April next year, can I "refresh" my visa to enter Spain again? As I have another work trip before the date that I will be allowed to enter Spain again. 
11701	What happens if you lose your passport at an airport / during transit?	Once, when flying from India to the UK, I left my passport on the plane's seat-back pocket and forgot that I left it there until I reached the passport control desks. Fortunately in this case, I rushed back to the gate where the plane had parked and since the plane was being cleaned there, I was able to request the staff to fetch my passport for me from my seat.  My question is: what happens if you lose your passport during transit at an airport, or before you reach the passport control desk at your destination country? I know that in any other situation, I would be able to contact my country's embassy to get an emergency travel document (ETD). What happens in this other case - can you get an ETD at the airport, or will you be deported back to the country you flew from? And in case of a deportation, are you sent back to your home country or the origin country of your previous flight? I want to know if there are any international laws covering this scenario.  (This is all under the assumption that you have the relevant visas or travel authorisation for your destination, but they're obviously in your passport.) 
36957	Going to Schengen countries for the second time with a multi entry visa	I got a multi-entry schengen visa valid for 3 years last year from the German embassy and i did go to Germany for 2 weeks, this year am going to france for 2 weeks and will spend NO TIME in Germany  can i use the same visa as it is still valid or i need a new visa from the French embassy? 
36957	Going to Schengen countries for the second time with a multi entry visa	I got a multi-entry schengen visa valid for 3 years last year from the German embassy and i did go to Germany for 2 weeks, this year am going to france for 2 weeks and will spend NO TIME in Germany  can i use the same visa as it is still valid or i need a new visa from the French embassy? 
36957	Going to Schengen countries for the second time with a multi entry visa	I got a multi-entry schengen visa valid for 3 years last year from the German embassy and i did go to Germany for 2 weeks, this year am going to france for 2 weeks and will spend NO TIME in Germany  can i use the same visa as it is still valid or i need a new visa from the French embassy? 
36958	Travelling back to india from usa	I have a confusion regarding the number of phones i can carry with me . As the iphone is cheaper in usa compared to india i wish to carry many iphone's with me (what is the max limit) .  I also do not want to pay the import charges , let's suppose if i unpack the phone's and the earphone's from the box and carry it with me. will tell the officials that they are all mine will they allow me or not .  edit 1. - i dont plan to sell these phones , i'll give one to my wife and rest will be used by me as official phone , personal phone and backup phone  edit 2. - i know there are other question on this same topic but they dont answer what precisely i wanna know i.e. if i just keep all the phone without any packing and that too in seperate baggage (2 phones in 2 seperate luggage bags , 1 in my pocket and the last one in my hand bag ) will it still rightfully attract custom duty  . 
36958	Travelling back to india from usa	I have a confusion regarding the number of phones i can carry with me . As the iphone is cheaper in usa compared to india i wish to carry many iphone's with me (what is the max limit) .  I also do not want to pay the import charges , let's suppose if i unpack the phone's and the earphone's from the box and carry it with me. will tell the officials that they are all mine will they allow me or not .  edit 1. - i dont plan to sell these phones , i'll give one to my wife and rest will be used by me as official phone , personal phone and backup phone  edit 2. - i know there are other question on this same topic but they dont answer what precisely i wanna know i.e. if i just keep all the phone without any packing and that too in seperate baggage (2 phones in 2 seperate luggage bags , 1 in my pocket and the last one in my hand bag ) will it still rightfully attract custom duty  . 
36964	Cycle / Bike Hire in Amsterdam	I am planning a short break in October/November to Amsterdam. During this time I want to spend a day leisurely cycling (nothing too intense) to see some countryside sights outside of Amsterdam. I heard that the island of Marken is suitable for such a thing. Not too far, flat and plenty of safe cycle routes. I also realise that it will be getting dark around 16:30 and the weather may be cold.  My questions are:    What are peoples experiences of hiring bikes in Amsterdam? What times can you hire from and return the bike? Are there any deposits that have to be paid? Credit card or cash?   EDIT: Slimmed down my questions. 
36964	Cycle / Bike Hire in Amsterdam	I am planning a short break in October/November to Amsterdam. During this time I want to spend a day leisurely cycling (nothing too intense) to see some countryside sights outside of Amsterdam. I heard that the island of Marken is suitable for such a thing. Not too far, flat and plenty of safe cycle routes. I also realise that it will be getting dark around 16:30 and the weather may be cold.  My questions are:    What are peoples experiences of hiring bikes in Amsterdam? What times can you hire from and return the bike? Are there any deposits that have to be paid? Credit card or cash?   EDIT: Slimmed down my questions. 
36969	I have two Schengen visas with adjoining dates, is it OK to travel?	I have two Schengen visas, both multiple-entry, both issues by the Netherlands embassy. One expires on the 30th of September and the other start October 1st. I want to be in Paris from 30th Oct-2Oct. Is it OK to travel? 
36969	I have two Schengen visas with adjoining dates, is it OK to travel?	I have two Schengen visas, both multiple-entry, both issues by the Netherlands embassy. One expires on the 30th of September and the other start October 1st. I want to be in Paris from 30th Oct-2Oct. Is it OK to travel? 
36980	Re-entering a Schengen country	I traveled from Israel to Germany on September 5th and left on September 15th to go back to Israel, where I am now. I want to enter Germany again on December 7th.  I know the Schengen visa rule says you can stay up to 90 days, every 6 months from the date of entry but I left after 10 days and want to enter again after more than 3 months from the date of entry (but less than 6 months).    Can I do it? 
36975	Using a B-1 Visa for training in a different state than on application	I'm currently in Honduras and applied for a visa to go for training in Miami, FL. I was given a B-1 visa with only 1 entry and in my passport it has the company name and address of where my training will be. Is Miami, FL the only place I am able to go to with my visa?  I got a call from the company I work with and they have other branches in Los Angeles, CA and they told me I would need to go for training there. Am I able to use the same visa I have, or will I have to go to the embassy to get a new visa to be able to go to California?  I have until Dec. 4th to travel. 
36964	Cycle / Bike Hire in Amsterdam	I am planning a short break in October/November to Amsterdam. During this time I want to spend a day leisurely cycling (nothing too intense) to see some countryside sights outside of Amsterdam. I heard that the island of Marken is suitable for such a thing. Not too far, flat and plenty of safe cycle routes. I also realise that it will be getting dark around 16:30 and the weather may be cold.  My questions are:    What are peoples experiences of hiring bikes in Amsterdam? What times can you hire from and return the bike? Are there any deposits that have to be paid? Credit card or cash?   EDIT: Slimmed down my questions. 
37002	Tipping in the Netherlands	Tipping varies from one country to another and I do not want to offend on my trip to Holland, so what is the tipping practice?  In the US, you can write the tip on the receipt or leave it on the table - I have also seen a service charge added to the bill automatically (in these cases, I also generally tip anyway).  In some countries there is no such practice but it is expected to tip on the table. 
37025	Is 20 minutes of transfer time enough at the Buffalo Greyhound station?	Recently, I bought a bus ticket for Greyhound, which gives me 20 minutes at the Buffalo bus terminal (see Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer? ).  I am a bit worried now, will this 20 minutes be enough to make the transfer? What is the worst case scenario? 
37027	Visa refused after ESTA approval	I had ESTA approval letter for a US visa under the Visa Waiver Program from April 2014 to 2016. I want to stay in US for six months. I applied for US visa in US consulate and my visa was rejected.    Can I travel to US with that ESTA approval letter or do I need to reapply for ESTA Approval? 
37028	Possibilities to travel from Yerevan to batumi	What are the possibilities to get from Yerevan to Batumi? Is there any direct option? How long does it takes and how much does it cost? 
37028	Possibilities to travel from Yerevan to batumi	What are the possibilities to get from Yerevan to Batumi? Is there any direct option? How long does it takes and how much does it cost? 
37028	Possibilities to travel from Yerevan to batumi	What are the possibilities to get from Yerevan to Batumi? Is there any direct option? How long does it takes and how much does it cost? 
35057	Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer?	The below schedule is an example of a Greyhound trip. It says there are zero transfers on the route.    However, when looking at the schedule, I see that there is a change of carrier and schedule. Does it mean you have to physically change buses, or do they only change the sign? It probably has to do with crossing the border, but what happens there? 
37041	Carrying two laptops to India - will I have to pay duty?	I went to the U.S. on a business trip for 3 days. After reaching there, I purchased a laptop to do my business work. However, the very next day, my company provided me a new work laptop, and I had no idea that the company would provide me another laptop. Therefore, I have two laptops.  Upon my return to India, will I be allowed at the customs there to take both laptops or will I have to pay duty? I need to take both laptops and I won't be carrying the boxes in which the new laptops were provided. 
35536	Overstayed Schengen Visa, how long to wait before entering again?	I have overstayed a Schengen tourist visa in Hungary by about 2 months, due to just incredible foolishness and not checking visa rules thoroughly. I was denied entry back in, not fined or banned, but my passport was marked. I'm lucky, I know, and Ill never make that mistake again.   My question is, how long do I have to wait before I can enter the area again? I am a bit confused, as some information I found said 90 days should be fine, but another told me I have to wait for the entire length that I was in Schengen area (so in this case, about 150 days).   I was going to apply for a work permit before discovering the overstay, which is why I want to return to Hungary as soon as I can. 
35536	Overstayed Schengen Visa, how long to wait before entering again?	I have overstayed a Schengen tourist visa in Hungary by about 2 months, due to just incredible foolishness and not checking visa rules thoroughly. I was denied entry back in, not fined or banned, but my passport was marked. I'm lucky, I know, and Ill never make that mistake again.   My question is, how long do I have to wait before I can enter the area again? I am a bit confused, as some information I found said 90 days should be fine, but another told me I have to wait for the entire length that I was in Schengen area (so in this case, about 150 days).   I was going to apply for a work permit before discovering the overstay, which is why I want to return to Hungary as soon as I can. 
37047	Why did I receive 3 tickets for a single-transfer Greyhound trip?	I've recently booked a Greyhound trip (see Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer?)  I will be traveling from New York City to Toronto, which has a transfer in Buffalo. For the first leg, however, I received two separate tickets. One NYC to Syracuse, and one Syracuse to Buffalo. The scheduled number is however the same. Why did I receive three tickets in total, and not two? 
37047	Why did I receive 3 tickets for a single-transfer Greyhound trip?	I've recently booked a Greyhound trip (see Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer?)  I will be traveling from New York City to Toronto, which has a transfer in Buffalo. For the first leg, however, I received two separate tickets. One NYC to Syracuse, and one Syracuse to Buffalo. The scheduled number is however the same. Why did I receive three tickets in total, and not two? 
35057	Why is a change of carrier on Greyhound no transfer?	The below schedule is an example of a Greyhound trip. It says there are zero transfers on the route.    However, when looking at the schedule, I see that there is a change of carrier and schedule. Does it mean you have to physically change buses, or do they only change the sign? It probably has to do with crossing the border, but what happens there? 
37054	How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?	A related post, made me wonder how you can hide a ring from a "special one" traveling with you to a place where you will propose and yet get it legally through security or customs? You don't want the surprise to be killed by a bureaucrat.  
37053	May an airline change the aircraft from the scheduled one?	In a recent flight between Istanbul and Madrid, the carrier (Turkish Airlines) changed in Istanbul the aircraft that should get to our destination before leaving. They argue that it happened due a delay in the route Madrid-Istanbul (the aircraft is not there, so they have to delay our flight or give another aircraft).  I'd like to know if this is allowed or not, because in that particular case the “new” aircraft was a very old one, smaller and more uncomfortable than the previous one. 
37093	Re-applying a refused visa application	I applied for a Schengen visa from Belgium and it got refused. My visa type was friends/family visit and I applied for one and a half month. However, I really want to visit Amsterdam, Belgium and Spain and my maximum stay will be in Belgium. And this time I am applying for just 15 days. My question is can I apply as a tourist this time without any sponsorship letter or invitation letter like I did before.   Update:  Thanks for the reply. Actually the guy who sent me his sponsorship letter and invitation letter is working on site from India and is in Belgium for 1 year, so he has temporary residency permit. And in my refusal letter they stated that guarantor does not have permanent residential permit. That is why even if I send my additional documents like my bank statement (which was not asked although because my relative was sponsoring me, but still they mentioned it in the refusal letter) it will still get rejected.   This is a reason I want to apply as a tourist this time because I just want to see the city and come back. Also, I called the VFS centre and the customer care said that it is not a problem because even if I re-apply my application will be considered as a fresh application. But I don't trust these embassy people… Thats is why I am concerned. 
37103	If I don't declare a not-yet-used engagement ring at airport security, am I smuggling jewelry?	In How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?, MikeV posted a pertinent question which is worth asking:     If I buy a ring in the US, put it in my bag and do not declare the ring I am smuggling jewelry? How is that different from buying the ring, wearing it round my neck on a chain (or on my own finger for that matter) and not declaring it? Am I supposed to declare my own jewelry that I already paid for (including taxes upon purchase)?   So, what is the verdict on this? smuggling or not? And is it a difference whether it's on a finger, on a neck chain, or in a box in the carry-on? 
37054	How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?	A related post, made me wonder how you can hide a ring from a "special one" traveling with you to a place where you will propose and yet get it legally through security or customs? You don't want the surprise to be killed by a bureaucrat.  
37103	If I don't declare a not-yet-used engagement ring at airport security, am I smuggling jewelry?	In How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?, MikeV posted a pertinent question which is worth asking:     If I buy a ring in the US, put it in my bag and do not declare the ring I am smuggling jewelry? How is that different from buying the ring, wearing it round my neck on a chain (or on my own finger for that matter) and not declaring it? Am I supposed to declare my own jewelry that I already paid for (including taxes upon purchase)?   So, what is the verdict on this? smuggling or not? And is it a difference whether it's on a finger, on a neck chain, or in a box in the carry-on? 
37088	How to key in Asian names when making a flight reservation?	Let's assume my name is "A B C" for the argument's sake.  It's an Asian name, and it is written that way in the passport (more or less. Actually in the passport it is written with full phonetic marks and symbols - but is not unrecognisable from the non-phonetic one). The passport doesn't make it clear which part is the family, middle, and first name, it is understood that "A" is the family name, "B" is the middle name, and "B" is the first name.  I've booked an international flight, and the website requires to input names in order of first-middle-last. No problem here, I simply input them as they are. The problem is, when the ticket is issue, the name on the ticket will be "A/C B", unmatched with the one written in my passport. The name on the itinerary is "C B A", also not a match.  The reservation is already booked, and name change is impossible.  My gravest concern is with the given names. The whole given name as written in passport is "B C", while that on the ticket is "C B". Do you think it can be a problem? 
37125	Which European countries don't require a transit visa for Indian citizens travelling to Cuba?	Which are the European countries that will not require transit visa for the Indian citizens travelling to third country (Cuba)?  As I have found in the website of Russia and The Netherlands that they don't require transit visa. 
37134	Visa free transfer possible through Dusseldorf and or Munich?	My wife is a citizen of Russia holding a Canadian Permanent Resident Visa. Right now she is temporarily in Russia. Soon we are meeting for a vacation in the Dominican Republic. We are choosing flight options and one attractive option is via Air Berlin... however... The outbound flight originates in Moscow and lands in Munich, where she then transfers onto a second flight to Punta Cana.  Her return flight originating in Punta Cana lands in Dusseldorf, where she then transfers onto a second flight to Moscow. The question is, do either of these airports have 'visa free' transit areas for travellers changing flights? In the past she has flown through Frankfurt without issues. Just wondering if Munich and Dusseldorf are set up the same? If not, does a Russian citizen holding a Canadian Permanent Residency Card get exempted from possible German transit visa requirements? Thank-you for any advice. 
37130	How to deal with the fake police scam in Spain?	I have read so many internet articles about safety in Spain, and the fake police scam is one of the most mentioned problems.  Most of those reported cases are that the victims are surrounded by group of undercover 'police', accusing you of having drugs and wants to check your ID and wallet.  How can we avoid that or handle it in case it does happen?  
37194	Flying by Air to Nepal from Mumbai (INDIA) Passport Required or Not	In November 2014 my parents will be flying by air from Mumbai (India) to Kathmandu (Nepal) for Pilgrimage, do they need Passport or Indian Citizen Photo ID will be enough???  Thanks for advising... 
37198	Two seperate ticket transit via Hong-Kong and more	I will soon need to book a round trip flight from Mumbai to Beijing and I had previously asked about it here. Anyway my original plan was to buy a single round trip ticket Mumbai (BOM) - Beijing (PEK) - Mumbai (BOM) via HongKong (HKG). Then reading some Q/A here I found out that I (Indian) wouldn't need a visa for HKG. So now I'm thinking of spending some time in HKG while returning from Beijing which would have been easy if I had got hold of a single ticket with a long lay-over in HKG while returning but unfortunately i can't find any.  The only alternative would be to buy two separate round trip ticket i.e BOM - HKG - BOM and HKG - PEK - HKG which i find is not much different fare-wise. Now if I decide to do it this way then I would necessarily have to travel by Air-India (AI)  for the first part - BOM - HKG - BOM.  Now AI lands at HKG at 06:50 and I have a choice to make on the second part of my journey - HKG - PEK - HKG.  which is to opt either CX6108 - Cathay Pacific flight operated by Air China (CA) which leaves HKG at 10:30  or CZ-309 - China Southern which leaves HKG at 13:20 same day.  Then on returning from PEK to HKG I'm planning to enter HKG and stay there a couple of days and leave HKG by AI on the final leg of BOM - HKG - BOM.    So based on the info given above I have a few queries:   Firstly can someone confirm that as an Indian I don't need to have visa to transit HKG or enter HKG if my stay is not more than 7 days? Worst case scenario would be that AI cannot check my baggage further than HKG but do you think AI would be able to check my baggage all the way to PEK if I choose CX6108 (operated by CA) since AI and CA are Star Alliance members. Do you think the time difference (06:50 - 10:30) is sufficient to make the connection in case I would have to check the baggage myself at HKG or should I opt for CZ-309 in which case i believe there's enough time (06:50 -  13:20).  Since visa is not required so I'm guessing that my ticket for the journey ahead is the only document that i need to show at passport control in case i need to check my baggage at HKG. Also would I face any problem at passport control when i would re-enter HKG during my return leg of the trip considering that I may have had already entered once before recently for baggage while going to PEK.  Any practical problems you foresee in this plan?   
37222	Boarding Point in train	I have a railway reservation in sleeper from Jaipur to Pune and boarding point at Ratlam. Will I be allowed to take my seat at Ratlam OR the TT will cancel it and allocate to others? 
37196	UK train, ticket price for a single journey is the same price as a return ticket?	I'm planning to visit the UK in November, and for reasons of logistics it may be easier to leave from a different airport than I arrive on.  I checked train prices online, and getting a single journey from Manchester airport to Loughborough is listed as £43.80, the same journey with a return ticket 10 days later is listed as £44.10; that's basically the same price‽  They should be ‘off-peak’ tickets, and the prices are the same on nationalrail.co.uk and thetrainline.com ... I actually continued the booking process up to the point where I had to pay to make sure this price was correct (and not £44.10 × 2).  Did I miss something? Is there a trick to get decent prices for single journeys? I find it hard to believe that a return is the same price as a single ticket, that makes no sense at all to me, in The Netherlands, a return trip is just twice the price of a single trip…  Here's the booking information: single journey, (screenshot) return journey (screenshot) 
37240	Returning to Sweden	I'm dating someone who leaves every three months to return to Sweden.  I'm in the U.S.  I don't know him well enough to ask him this yet, but I am curious for the future.  When he returns to Sweden every 90 days, how long does he have to stay there each time before he can come back to the U.S.?  Thanks. 
37240	Returning to Sweden	I'm dating someone who leaves every three months to return to Sweden.  I'm in the U.S.  I don't know him well enough to ask him this yet, but I am curious for the future.  When he returns to Sweden every 90 days, how long does he have to stay there each time before he can come back to the U.S.?  Thanks. 
37266	Transit through Brussels airport	I am an Indian citizen with US permanent resident. So I will be traveling from US to Brussels and &amp; then take a connecting flight to London. And then the reverse while coming back. (London-Brussels-USA).   I understand I need a British visa to enter UK and I will be getting one. My question is whether I need a Schengen visa as well? I have no intention of leaving the Brussels airport but I would need to take a flight to London, as well take a flight back to US while coming back.   (I understand I could directly fly to London and avoid this hassle but I have to go through Brussels as I have some vouchers which can only be used on a specific airline.)  edited   Some people are pointing to a previous question on transit through Brussels airport. But that look at connection to a Schengen country. The flight I am intending to take is to London which has a seperate visa arrangement.   To reiterate: do flights to London at Brussels depart from the same international transit area or do I have to do passport control?  
27688	Transit visa for Brussels for Indian citizens	I am travelling from India to NY in coming month.  My flight will halt for about 1 hr at Brussels, for technical checking and passenger on boarding. May I know whether I would require transit Visa-on-arrival at Brussels Airport, if for any unexpected reason passengers are asked to disembark the flight?    I am an Indian citizen.  US Visa type: F1 (Student) 
37266	Transit through Brussels airport	I am an Indian citizen with US permanent resident. So I will be traveling from US to Brussels and &amp; then take a connecting flight to London. And then the reverse while coming back. (London-Brussels-USA).   I understand I need a British visa to enter UK and I will be getting one. My question is whether I need a Schengen visa as well? I have no intention of leaving the Brussels airport but I would need to take a flight to London, as well take a flight back to US while coming back.   (I understand I could directly fly to London and avoid this hassle but I have to go through Brussels as I have some vouchers which can only be used on a specific airline.)  edited   Some people are pointing to a previous question on transit through Brussels airport. But that look at connection to a Schengen country. The flight I am intending to take is to London which has a seperate visa arrangement.   To reiterate: do flights to London at Brussels depart from the same international transit area or do I have to do passport control?  
37292	driving from LA to San Francisco	I will be travelling from L.A. to San Francisco in later February 2015. I will have my little boy 10 months old and my mother in law (65) with me. I was wondering, if someone can suggest some routes, I will need to make a few stops on the way (change nappies, feed the baby, stretch the legs, etc), and maybe it could be an idea if I could stop overnight in some place by the road. I have never been in California before, if this was here in Europe, that's how I would do it.  Or would you suggest to get a train? Do I need a car in San Francisco to get to know the city?  2-3 days would be enough to see the main points? TIA 
37292	driving from LA to San Francisco	I will be travelling from L.A. to San Francisco in later February 2015. I will have my little boy 10 months old and my mother in law (65) with me. I was wondering, if someone can suggest some routes, I will need to make a few stops on the way (change nappies, feed the baby, stretch the legs, etc), and maybe it could be an idea if I could stop overnight in some place by the road. I have never been in California before, if this was here in Europe, that's how I would do it.  Or would you suggest to get a train? Do I need a car in San Francisco to get to know the city?  2-3 days would be enough to see the main points? TIA 
37274	In an international airport, is there specific set of laws for the international area?	When travelling in an international flight, you pass a border with passport check at both the departure and the arrival airports. It means you spend time in an international area. What are the applicable laws in this area? The one from the country the airport is located in? A special set of international laws? Are you juridically out of any country (as if in international waters)? Is there special status with flights between countries with special immigration agreements (e.g. Shengen area)? 
37288	Can I travel to Kuwait on a employment visa with old passport number?	I have a Kuwait employment visa, with my old passport number. But as the old passport has ECR on it I got a new passport with a new passport number with ECNR. Can I travel with the same visa or do I have to obtain a new visa with my new passport number? 
37299	My friend used his friend's credit card for flight	My friend booked his ticket using his friend's credit card. They are leaving the country together but they are flying to two different countries. What does my friend need of proof just in case he gets stopped? 
37306	Is it ok to use a virtual credit card to buy an airplane ticket?	Lately I've been reading a lot about people who are asked for the VISA card with which they bought the flight when doing the check in. In these situations they are not allowed to board. Many of these people complain because they didn't have it. This can happen in several situations:  you got the trip as a gift, the company bought the trip, etc.  Lately several companies started offering virtual credit cards over the Internet. That means there is no actual physical card, only a number. If you want to use it, how would one proceed if asked for the card? Would they ask for it even if the card is in your name?  A first person testimony who was not allowed to fly because he didn't have the company card (it's in portuguese): http://www.fmgomes.com/impedido-de-embarcar-num-voo-emirates/ - Google translation to english 
37334	Best way to get from Laguardia to Penn Station at 10:30pm (and back)?	I am flying into Laguardia airport (NY) and should arrive about 10:15pm.  I will need to get to a hotel that is pretty close (5 min walk) to Penn Station.  What are my options to do that?  Conversely, I'll need to travel back to the airport the next day.  My flight departs at 7:00pm, so I should be to the airport no later than 5:30, but preferably closer to five.  I'm coming in for a conference that doesn't get over until five.  I would like to leave as late as possible for the airport but not miss the flight.  Given it will be rush hour, what are my options here? 
37350	Isn't it a transit visa not required for a Filipino in Zurich airport travelling to Dublin?	Please confirm. I am not required to have an airport transit visa in Zurich when travelling to Dublin from the Philippines. I am holding a Philippine passport.  Layover is less than 4 hours. 
37342	Options to/from from Newark (NJ) airport and Penn Station (NY) at 6pm and 10am	I am flying into Newark airport (NJ) on Tuesday and should arrive about 5:45pm. I will need to get to a hotel that is pretty close (5 min walk) to Penn Station. What is the best/easiest way to travel from the Newark Airport to the Penn Station vicinity at that time of day.  Two days later, when the conference is over, I'll need to travel back to the airport as well. My flight departs at 11:45am, so I should be to the airport no later than 10:15am.  If there is any reason I should use a different method of transportation at this time of day, please let me know.  I have done some basic research and know that the options are generally a taxi and public transportation.  I think I'd like to avoid the taxi due to traffic &amp; cost.  But there are so many options with public transportation that it's confusing.   I thought the NYC Airport Shuttle might be a good idea:  http://www.nycairporter.com/  But then I looked up the Yelp reviews and decided against it.  One of the Yelp reviews recommended the AirTrain:  http://www.panynj.gov/airports/ewr-to-from.html  which seems like it would get me to Penn Station (which is my goal) with a train transfer.  However, the "transfer" part makes me hesitate a bit, I'm not sure what to expect with that.  So, what I'm really looking for is someone who has experience traveling in New York, with these various methods, and can speak from experience about the best mode of travel to/from the locations described at the times described.  I will only have my backpack, no other luggage, which I understand might influence the decision.  I'm asking ahead of time because I've always lived in areas of the country where traffic was minimal and we drive almost everywhere we go.  So, having to rely on public transportation is new experience for me and I'd like to have a plan in place and know what to expect. 
37354	How do custom officers determine if the imported goods of a passenger are old or newly bought?	Almost all countries levy custom duties (with an allowance) on imported goods by passengers, such as electronics, clothes, etc., that have been bought from outside that country and are intended to stay there.  I am an EU citizen (Germany), and once when flying in from a non-EU country I was stopped by a customs officer who thoroughly checked my bag. I had a few new shirts and shoes (with removed labels), and they didn't ask anything, even though the apparel was obviously never worn. The value was around the tax-free €430 allowance, or it was even exceeded.  However, another time I was in an opposite situation when I was not bringing anything new. I had a hard time explaining that my camera and clothes are not so new, and have been bought in Germany/EU, and not during my trip outside the EU.  Can someone explain how does this work? How do custom officers determine if the imported goods of a passenger are old or newly bought? How do passengers prove that they did not buy the goods during the trip? Since people do not carry receipts of all the things they have with them, I don't see how it would be possible to prove that something fairly new was not bought during the trip.  It is not unknown that many people tend to remove the packaging and/or tags of new goods to conceal that the goods are being imported, but there are also people who travel with new goods which have been bought shortly before the trip. How do customs officers distinguish the two? 
37127	Minimum available passport blank page requirements	For a British Citizen travelling on business to one country for up to 30 days what are the maximum numbers of consecutive and not-necessarily-consecutive minimum blank pages required in a passport when applying for a single-entry visa and which country (or countries) imposes them?   An answer which is just two numbers (presumably each a single digit) would be adequate.     Small (eg Maldives) island nations may be ignored. Where custom and practice departs from regulations (eg SA) it is the former that is more my interest. I see a Canadian heard mention of a need for six blank pages. Three for each seems more plausible, but I have not found which countries stipulate that, if any. I recognise that what is correct today may be out-of-date tomorrow. 
37127	Minimum available passport blank page requirements	For a British Citizen travelling on business to one country for up to 30 days what are the maximum numbers of consecutive and not-necessarily-consecutive minimum blank pages required in a passport when applying for a single-entry visa and which country (or countries) imposes them?   An answer which is just two numbers (presumably each a single digit) would be adequate.     Small (eg Maldives) island nations may be ignored. Where custom and practice departs from regulations (eg SA) it is the former that is more my interest. I see a Canadian heard mention of a need for six blank pages. Three for each seems more plausible, but I have not found which countries stipulate that, if any. I recognise that what is correct today may be out-of-date tomorrow. 
8870	Can I get a cheaper one-way flight by booking and cancelling a flexible return leg for a refund?	I’m looking to book a one-way flight from the UK to a European city. The airline [I don’t think it matters which one specifically; this question is really about the principle] wants to charge around £400 for a one-way ticket, but only around £100 each way if I book a return. I can select different tariffs for the two legs, so it looks like it would be possible to book the (low-cost) “advance/saver” tariff for the outbound leg and a (refundable) “flexible” tariff for the return leg.  So can I book a return like this, fly the outbound leg, then cancel the return leg for a refund? Or am I likely to hit some restriction in the small print that will prevent me?  (I don’t know whether this kind of thing is frowned upon as “gaming the system”, or if it’s simply “using the system to my own best advantage”…) 
8870	Can I get a cheaper one-way flight by booking and cancelling a flexible return leg for a refund?	I’m looking to book a one-way flight from the UK to a European city. The airline [I don’t think it matters which one specifically; this question is really about the principle] wants to charge around £400 for a one-way ticket, but only around £100 each way if I book a return. I can select different tariffs for the two legs, so it looks like it would be possible to book the (low-cost) “advance/saver” tariff for the outbound leg and a (refundable) “flexible” tariff for the return leg.  So can I book a return like this, fly the outbound leg, then cancel the return leg for a refund? Or am I likely to hit some restriction in the small print that will prevent me?  (I don’t know whether this kind of thing is frowned upon as “gaming the system”, or if it’s simply “using the system to my own best advantage”…) 
37433	Can I leave the Schengen with my Type D Multi Entry visa from Spain	I'm an Indian student, with a Type D Multi Entry Visa to Spain. I'm in Spain and have applied for my Residence Permit but haven't received it yet.   Can I travel to Croatia and back with just this visa? The visa is valid for travel dates.  Edit: Thanks, but I'm confident that I will be allowed into Croatia. My fears are about being allowed back into the Shengen territory with ONLY a VALID visa. (To repeat, it's a Multiple entry visa). I don't yet have my 'residence card'. A friend was recently rejected on similiar (but not the same) grounds so I guess I'm being over anxious.  
37433	Can I leave the Schengen with my Type D Multi Entry visa from Spain	I'm an Indian student, with a Type D Multi Entry Visa to Spain. I'm in Spain and have applied for my Residence Permit but haven't received it yet.   Can I travel to Croatia and back with just this visa? The visa is valid for travel dates.  Edit: Thanks, but I'm confident that I will be allowed into Croatia. My fears are about being allowed back into the Shengen territory with ONLY a VALID visa. (To repeat, it's a Multiple entry visa). I don't yet have my 'residence card'. A friend was recently rejected on similiar (but not the same) grounds so I guess I'm being over anxious.  
37433	Can I leave the Schengen with my Type D Multi Entry visa from Spain	I'm an Indian student, with a Type D Multi Entry Visa to Spain. I'm in Spain and have applied for my Residence Permit but haven't received it yet.   Can I travel to Croatia and back with just this visa? The visa is valid for travel dates.  Edit: Thanks, but I'm confident that I will be allowed into Croatia. My fears are about being allowed back into the Shengen territory with ONLY a VALID visa. (To repeat, it's a Multiple entry visa). I don't yet have my 'residence card'. A friend was recently rejected on similiar (but not the same) grounds so I guess I'm being over anxious.  
37444	Why is one's place of birth even mentioned in a passport?	I was discussing this with someone and we couldn't agree on anything... why is it so vital to have one's place of birth on a passport?  Are officials trying to judge whether you were involved in "terrorist" activities in the past since you were born in country that has problems?  For instance, my friend came to Canada as soon as she was born; she has never been back to her place of birth...if the governments want to "track" you it would be not useful in this case since her whole life has been in Canada.  What is the official purpose of being made to state your place of birth on your passport?  And, if you choose not to...you will be hassled apparently...anybody know?  Edit: I have read the response to the "similar" question but it doesn't state whether one has a choice to exclude their birth place worldwide &amp; what are the consequences if they do...? 
37445	At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets?	I have already browsed through the various questions tagged [air-travel] and [budget].  In particular, I have already seen this question: Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?  More importantly, I have seen the following question which was set as a duplicate of the one above: How far in advance is it recommended to book flight tickets? Yet, they ask different questions and the answer to the former does not really (if at all) answer the latter.     At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets? (time frame = how long in advance of the actual flight date).    Is there, generally speaking (barring holidays or peak periods), a big price difference if I purchase, e.g. 5 months in advance versus 1 month in advance, or 1 month in advance versus 2 weeks in advance?   
37445	At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets?	I have already browsed through the various questions tagged [air-travel] and [budget].  In particular, I have already seen this question: Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?  More importantly, I have seen the following question which was set as a duplicate of the one above: How far in advance is it recommended to book flight tickets? Yet, they ask different questions and the answer to the former does not really (if at all) answer the latter.     At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets? (time frame = how long in advance of the actual flight date).    Is there, generally speaking (barring holidays or peak periods), a big price difference if I purchase, e.g. 5 months in advance versus 1 month in advance, or 1 month in advance versus 2 weeks in advance?   
37445	At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets?	I have already browsed through the various questions tagged [air-travel] and [budget].  In particular, I have already seen this question: Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?  More importantly, I have seen the following question which was set as a duplicate of the one above: How far in advance is it recommended to book flight tickets? Yet, they ask different questions and the answer to the former does not really (if at all) answer the latter.     At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets? (time frame = how long in advance of the actual flight date).    Is there, generally speaking (barring holidays or peak periods), a big price difference if I purchase, e.g. 5 months in advance versus 1 month in advance, or 1 month in advance versus 2 weeks in advance?   
37454	Transit visa requirement for Zurich	I will travel from India to Canada via Zurich, I have a layover of 3 hr 45 minute in Zurich, I have valid Canada immigrant visa, I am an Indian citizen, I hold valid Indian passport.  Do I need transit visa for changing plane in Zurich? I will not go out from Zurich airport. 
37450	VWP travelling for 80 days then going to Canada, can I reenter the US and for how long?	So I am travelling in California at the moment on the visa waiver program, I am going to be here until the 9th of December then I am heading to Michigan for Christmas. I was planning to spend some time in Canada to reset the 90 days but have just heard this isn't possible. I already have the ticket etc booked, will I have an issue driving back into the US even if I am clearly leaving in a few weeks? Thanks 
37458	Why's it useful for airlines to enforce the “non-changeable” fare?	I refer to the comment of user Relaxed under this answer:     It's also useful to enforce the “non-changeable” fares which is another price discrimination strategy.   Please explain? What's  the user Relaxed assuming? Does he/she assume that airlines forbid transferring of tickets to another person? Does this assumption matter?  
37469	London/Frankfurt transit visa	Iam an Indian passport holder, working in Qatar and holding a valid work visa.  Me and my wife will be travelling to Philadelphia, USA for the first time in December this year on a B1/B2 visa by American Airlines and my flight details are as follows;  Doha, Qatar- Frankfurt, Germany (6 hours layover)-Philadelphia, USA  and return flight is as follows; Chicago, USA-London Heathrow (3 hours layover), UK- Doha Qatar  My question is would i require any transit visa in either Frankfurt or London. through various forums and German &amp; UK websites I now know that I dont really require a visa as such but I've heard from people who were travelling the same route that they were asked for a visa at London Heathrow. Any help pertaining to the matter would be much appreciated. Thanks in advance. 
37469	London/Frankfurt transit visa	Iam an Indian passport holder, working in Qatar and holding a valid work visa.  Me and my wife will be travelling to Philadelphia, USA for the first time in December this year on a B1/B2 visa by American Airlines and my flight details are as follows;  Doha, Qatar- Frankfurt, Germany (6 hours layover)-Philadelphia, USA  and return flight is as follows; Chicago, USA-London Heathrow (3 hours layover), UK- Doha Qatar  My question is would i require any transit visa in either Frankfurt or London. through various forums and German &amp; UK websites I now know that I dont really require a visa as such but I've heard from people who were travelling the same route that they were asked for a visa at London Heathrow. Any help pertaining to the matter would be much appreciated. Thanks in advance. 
37479	if I leave schengen area after 3 months, can I return to a different country within the schengen before I finish my 6 month period?	I am curious as to whether I will be able to go into the schengen area for a quick touristy visit with friends, after I already stayed there for 3 months and had to leave. I was within Spain for three months from the beginning of my schengen area visa, and left to the UK to exit the area for the next three months, before I could return to Spain for another three months. It will have been less than a month in the Uk, however, before I would like to visit Belgium (for like 6 days), which is back within the Schengen area. Obviously, it seems like the answer would be a no, since both belgium and spain are within schengen, and I already used up my three months, but as it is a quick stop, going through a different country's border control, I was hoping it might be okay. I have talked to another person that was kind of under my same circumstances, and with the same passport/visa (from the US), and she had no problems doing such a thing. She was a cute girl though, and I have already had trouble just entering the UK, so I am not sure, and would like to know before I purchase tickets, only to be turned around at the airport. 
37484	I am flying to India from Toronto. I have 3 phones with me including my personal phone Do I have to pay custom?	Apart from phone I have a personal laptop which is about an year old. but i have two brand new iphone 5s which are gifts.   Please help 
37504	What are the potential hazards of my passport or visa number being made public?	Should a passport number or visa number be in the class of personally identifying information, along with things like a social security number, credit card number, and so on? If someone nefarious did get my passport number or visa number, what could they do with it, without having the actual passport?  I know you can use an SSN and a bit of social engineering to get pretty much any other identity document, and a credit card number can potentially get you into a lot of online accounts at the very least, but passport numbers aren't so widely linked to other information and I'm curious about what could be done with them.  Of course I'm not actually about to go sharing my passport number around in public - better safe than sorry, after all. This is a hypothetical question. 
37548	OV-chipkaart or GVB day pass for within Amsterdam travel?	I have read Can I use the OV-chipkaart to get from Schiphol to the center by train? and Is it possible to recharge an OV-chipkaart without a Dutch banking card? and Train and tram tickets in Amsterdam? but I am still a bit confused as to which kind of card I need.  I'll be coming to Amsterdam for 4 days (only Amsterdam) and need to move about the city to go from my hotel to the conference location.  As per Bart's comment from the airport to Amsterdam central, I can get a 4 EUR ticket for the train:     An addition about the train tickets: you can indeed still buy paper   tickets. The price for a ticket from Schiphol to Amsterdam CS is €4.   However within the city if I am to use the tram or bus, do I need to buy the ov-chipkaart or the GVB day pass? 
37548	OV-chipkaart or GVB day pass for within Amsterdam travel?	I have read Can I use the OV-chipkaart to get from Schiphol to the center by train? and Is it possible to recharge an OV-chipkaart without a Dutch banking card? and Train and tram tickets in Amsterdam? but I am still a bit confused as to which kind of card I need.  I'll be coming to Amsterdam for 4 days (only Amsterdam) and need to move about the city to go from my hotel to the conference location.  As per Bart's comment from the airport to Amsterdam central, I can get a 4 EUR ticket for the train:     An addition about the train tickets: you can indeed still buy paper   tickets. The price for a ticket from Schiphol to Amsterdam CS is €4.   However within the city if I am to use the tram or bus, do I need to buy the ov-chipkaart or the GVB day pass? 
37548	OV-chipkaart or GVB day pass for within Amsterdam travel?	I have read Can I use the OV-chipkaart to get from Schiphol to the center by train? and Is it possible to recharge an OV-chipkaart without a Dutch banking card? and Train and tram tickets in Amsterdam? but I am still a bit confused as to which kind of card I need.  I'll be coming to Amsterdam for 4 days (only Amsterdam) and need to move about the city to go from my hotel to the conference location.  As per Bart's comment from the airport to Amsterdam central, I can get a 4 EUR ticket for the train:     An addition about the train tickets: you can indeed still buy paper   tickets. The price for a ticket from Schiphol to Amsterdam CS is €4.   However within the city if I am to use the tram or bus, do I need to buy the ov-chipkaart or the GVB day pass? 
37541	Will I have to clear customs In Heathrow when traveling from US to Lisbon?	Will I go through customs at Heathrow when traveling from Dulles via Heathrow (airline change from United to TAP) to Lisbon? 
37559	Why are plane tickets more expensive if they don't include a weekend?	When I used to fly for business (depart and return within the work-week) I observed that ticket prices were much higher than if a weekend was included at one end or in the middle. I was told that it is because business travelers will pay more. I think that is outrageous! Why should the airline care if I depart on Tuesday and return Thursday of the same week, or the next week? Only because it is business travel? 
37563	Is it a good idea to go to the airport and ask for the next cheap flight to anywhere?	My girlfriend and I are living in Vancouver (BC, Canada). We have the project to directly go to the airport and buy the next cheap round-trip (return) flight ticket to go to any (relatively close) airport for a short week (4 days for example).  Does it seem to be a good idea? Will we likely get some very interesting prices by booking a return ticket so soon (maybe 30 minutes or an hour only) before the departure? We would not be bothered at waiting for 15 hours at the airport in order to get a good deal.  Here is a related post that asks about pricing when booking a flight 1-2 days before the departure and not 1 or 2 hours before the departure and did not address the round-trip issue. 
37585	To fat to fly ?	My mother is going on a flight with United airlines. Im sort of nervous for her because she hasn't really been on a airplane since she gained bunch of weight. she's  pushing 400 pounds, even if it doesn't seem that,(her body is seems smaller then her actually weight.) I don't want her go to the airport and be humiliated over the fact of some random employee making her buy an extra seat, or anything. So i need peoples opinion on this, whats the cut off of being to big? do you think she will fit? Or should i buy her an extra seat in advance. Any advice? or examples you can give me where you've seen people not need an extra seat. Id really appreciate it! 
37581	Carrying confidential corporate data into US on laptop/Drive/device - how to prevent data theft?	If I travel to the US and had privacy concerns (for instance may be I was afraid that a rogue customs official may steal said data) what is the current recommended best practice to avoid this? 
37581	Carrying confidential corporate data into US on laptop/Drive/device - how to prevent data theft?	If I travel to the US and had privacy concerns (for instance may be I was afraid that a rogue customs official may steal said data) what is the current recommended best practice to avoid this? 
37581	Carrying confidential corporate data into US on laptop/Drive/device - how to prevent data theft?	If I travel to the US and had privacy concerns (for instance may be I was afraid that a rogue customs official may steal said data) what is the current recommended best practice to avoid this? 
37581	Carrying confidential corporate data into US on laptop/Drive/device - how to prevent data theft?	If I travel to the US and had privacy concerns (for instance may be I was afraid that a rogue customs official may steal said data) what is the current recommended best practice to avoid this? 
36434	Is returning to country of origin from any schengen country possible?	I have multiple entry schengen visa from French Embassy in Nigeria. I am presently in Spain; I came into Spain from France. Can I return to Nigeria (country of origin) from any schengen country, specifically from The Netherlands? 
37562	What my options on getting between San Francisco and San Jose?	I am soon going to visit an event in San Jose, but due to too few connections to SJC, I decided to arrive at San Francisco. What are my options in getting to San Jose, most preferably the cheap ones? 
11672	Can I use the OV-chipkaart to get from Schiphol to the center by train?	According to amsterdam.info, there is a direct train from the Schiphol airport to the Amsterdam central station (Amsterdam Centraal).  Since I am going to buy the OV-chipkaart to use public transport after I get to the city, I was wondering: can this card be used for the train from Schiphol to Amsterdam Centraal too? 
37619	Best possible seat room	I'm flying in economy plus with United airlines. What's the best possible seat to get with the most room? For legs, body, etc 
37621	Traveling with visa in my old passport	My old passport in which an ECR was stamped,with passport expiry date in 2017.I got a Dubai visit visa on its passport number but later on as I was told that it'l be a problem for me to travel to Dubai so I got a new passport re-issued with ECNR with a new passport number.  So will it be a problem for me to travel or do I have to get my UAE visit visa details of my old passport number change to my new passport number? 
37623	Is it safe to visit Cairo in 2014?	I will have some time between flights in Cairo. I would love to visit the city but with all recent events I don't know how safe it is to visit it. Specially because it wouldbe around 20h (so night time). 
13401	Old passport number mentioned in visa for Kuwait	I am living in India and I applied for an employment visa from Kuwait. I got all visa documents now, but my old passport number is mentioned in all documents. I renewed my passport and it has a new passport number. Is there any problem in travelling to Kuwait with my existing visa? 
37336	My visa period start on arrival, would they let me get into the plane?	I have a question, I applied for the Schengen visa through Germany, on the form they ask me when I'd arriving (to Germany) and when I'd returning. they take this exact date as the visa period.  I wondering if they would let me get into the plane, even though my flight it a day before the arrival.  Let get the real deal; let say this:  My visa is valid from 02/12/2014 to 02/02/2015. But, my flight is scheduled to be departing on 01/12/2014, but entering Germany 02/12/2014. the flight duration is almost 9hours and there is 7hours difference between Germany and the departing flight country. 
37623	Is it safe to visit Cairo in 2014?	I will have some time between flights in Cairo. I would love to visit the city but with all recent events I don't know how safe it is to visit it. Specially because it wouldbe around 20h (so night time). 
37636	Getting around to transfer in huge airports if you don't know English	How can someone who doesn't know any international language get around in huge airports, if they need to transfer?  I'm asking this because my mother-in-law wants to travel half the world to visit us, from Europe to New Zealand. She can't avoid at least 2 transfers in big international airports. She cannot speak any international language and is not willing to start learning English. She's afraid she will get lost, even if usually there are signs everywhere, and they always use pictograms.  The only advice she got from the travel agency is to use disability services. She could get away with that, because she's had a car accident 3 years ago and still hasn't completely recovered, but in truth this would be an abuse. She should have a phone and call us for translation.  Do you have any other suggestions?  Thank you. 
37636	Getting around to transfer in huge airports if you don't know English	How can someone who doesn't know any international language get around in huge airports, if they need to transfer?  I'm asking this because my mother-in-law wants to travel half the world to visit us, from Europe to New Zealand. She can't avoid at least 2 transfers in big international airports. She cannot speak any international language and is not willing to start learning English. She's afraid she will get lost, even if usually there are signs everywhere, and they always use pictograms.  The only advice she got from the travel agency is to use disability services. She could get away with that, because she's had a car accident 3 years ago and still hasn't completely recovered, but in truth this would be an abuse. She should have a phone and call us for translation.  Do you have any other suggestions?  Thank you. 
37650	Turkish citizen with Canadian temporary residence: Do I need a transit visa?	I am a student in Canada with a multiple entry visa. Am I able to do the following journey without the need for a transit visa?:  Istanbul - Munich - London - Toronto  The two European airports are:  London - Heathrow (LHR)   Munich - Franz Josef Strauss (MUC)   Please note the layover planned in both Munich and London is short.  
37650	Turkish citizen with Canadian temporary residence: Do I need a transit visa?	I am a student in Canada with a multiple entry visa. Am I able to do the following journey without the need for a transit visa?:  Istanbul - Munich - London - Toronto  The two European airports are:  London - Heathrow (LHR)   Munich - Franz Josef Strauss (MUC)   Please note the layover planned in both Munich and London is short.  
37672	Travel Macau and back to China with single-entry Chinese visa	My friend holds an Indian passport and is travelling via Hong Kong to Zhuhai (China) on a single-entry Chinese visa.  Is it possible for him to travel to Macau from Zhuhai and back to China with the same visa, or if not what's the procedure? 
37658	What are some in-flight features and are there smoking areas in airports?	I am new at this site so I might not be the best at explaining what question I am asking.   First off, I'll tell you what flight/seats I am on: I'm flying with united 1. Airbus A320-seat 7C 2. Canadair regional jet 700- seat 18B 3. Bombarder Q400- seat 7B 4. Boeing 737-900-seat 8D  I do have fear of flight so I do like to keep myself busy. A few questions I have are: Is there any wifi (because I know some planes have that), also are cellphones allowed to be used/turned on in a plane? Are you able to use your computer, and last but not least are there plug ins to plug a device in to charge it?   Another part of this post is that I am a smoker. I will be leaving from Seattle airport, having a lay over in San Francisco and then going to Oklahoma. On the way back I have a lay over in Denver. In any of these airports are there smoking areas to go outside or anything, or do I have to go all the way to the entrance and before my flight go threw customs again just to have a smoke? 
37700	is it possible to take reservation from originating station and board train from any other station	I want to take reservation in durgiana exp from kolkata and board from varanasi is it possible 
37712	Getting from Fort Collins to Denver Amtrak	The westbound Amtrak leaves Denver at 7:15 AM.How can I get from Fort Collins to there? 
37684	What to do when no search engine can find a connection that clearly exists	For about six months now, it seems that flights to Iceland, where I live, from very many places in the US, including where I go to visit my family, just don't show up in any search engine I've tried (Orbitz, Travelocity, Expedia, SkyScanner, etc.).  When I try to book a flight, it only finds flights that go through the UK or mainland Europe for $3,000 and up. However, there are dozens of flights from the east coast of the US to Reykjavik (out of IAD, BOS, JFK, and several others), and those flights tend to cost about $3-500 and depart late at night. And there are of course thousands of ways to get to any of those cities by early afternoon with many hours to make the connection, but the search engines just can't find them.  For example, I'm trying to fly from Little Rock (LIT) to Reykjavik (KEF) on December 28. Putting that into Orbitz directly finds the cheapest flight as $3450 going LIT-DFW-LHR-KEF.  Ideally, I'd fly though DC, but it turns out not to matter. I'll use IAD in DC for the following examples though.   If I try a multi-city search (LIT-IAD, IAD-KEF), it comes up with a $3700 fare that goes (LIT-IAH-IAD-LHR-KEF).  OK, so let's just try getting to DC only. Searching for LIT-IAD comes up with a quite reasonable LIT-DFW-IAD itinerary for $230, landing at IAD at 12:15 PM.  Now let's try IAD-KEF (for which I know there's a direct Icelandair flight). Sure enough, it finds that direct flight for $363 departing IAD at 7:45 PM.   Even if I try to explicitly specify exactly which flights to take (LIT-DFW-IAD-KEF), it still routes the last leg through Heathrow and rings up a total of $5500.  I can just book two entirely separate trips, and if nothing goes wrong, it costs about $600. But this means that I'm on the hook for the connecting flight if something goes wrong and they strand me somewhere. And of course I won't be able to just check my bag all the way through, avoid going through security a second time, etc.  Does anyone have any advice? I'm not sure who to contact -- is it Icelandair, Orbitz, someone else? If I wade through phone support somewhere, is this a thing they can fix either before or after I buy tickets? Or do I just suck it up and book separate flights? 
37715	How can I get an affordable, temporary mobile plan when I travel to the United States?	I live abroad and am traveling to the United States for college but will only be in the country for a year; how can I get an affordable, temporary mobile plan? Are there plans with international calling included?  
37280	Travelling to the UAE and Kuwait on a passport with slightly less than 6 months to go until expiry	I am travelling to the UAE and then Kuwait for a few days next week. As a UK Passport holder I know that I will get a free 30 day visa upon entering both countries. However, I've just noticed that the UK foreign office advise that the passport "should be valid for a minimum period of 6 months from the date of entry" for both countries. My passport will be 5 and half months until expiry when I travel. Will this be a problem, and if so is there anything I can do, since there's no way I can apply for a new passport in time? 
37751	Is ID needed from Sweden to Spain?	I am planning to travel from Sweden to Spain by plane. I lost my ID and waiting for replacement but I do not want to go over the hassle when boarding the plane. Would I need to show ID card knowing that I will be booking online? I believe if I book online and travelling to another Schengen country, I would not need to show ID and only the boarding ticket? 
37722	Is a passport needed when flying within Mexico as a U.S permanent resident?	I am a permanent resident (U.S) and I'm crossing the border into Mexico and taking a flight to Mexico city. The passport from my home nation is expired and I'm trying to avoid the last minute 500 mile+ trip to the nearest embassy. My question is, can I get on the plane with my green card or state license? or my expired passport and birth certificate? also, can i get the FMM/tourist card with my drivers license? all the official information says i need a valid passport, but other travelers have had different experiences, does it just depend on the officer? I already purchased my flight! 
37762	Are there any advantages to selecting the middle seat in an airplane?	It seems to be traveller folklore that the least desirable seats on airplanes are the middle seats (in other words, with three seats directly next to each other, stuck between someone at the window and someone with aisle access). On some widebody planes (e.g. 777s with a 2-5-2 seat layout), there are even 'super-middle' seats stuck between other middle seats (yes, I made up the phrase 'super-middle' - not sure if there's a better name!)  To me, and I think most travellers, middle seats are the worst of all options: no view from the window, and stuck between other potential strangers to make it harder to get out.  So are there any advantages at all to a middle seat? Does anyone ever pick one deliberately, and why? 
37765	Transit visa for Germany while traveling to Poland	I am from Egypt, and I am traveling to Warsaw, Poland an I have a Schengen visa. My plane ticket has a transfer at Frankfurt for 1 hour. Do I need a transit visa? 
37752	Is the price per person affected by searching a flight for more than one person?	When I search for a flight for more than one person I usually search the flight for one so that I can easily have the total amount per person. I wonder if there are cases in which searching for more than one person would result in a cheaper fare per person.   
37764	How to determine if I'll be switching planes during a layover?	I'm looking at a potential flight with a short layover (1hr 10 min).  How can I determine if I'll be staying on the same plane or switching planes during the layover?  Is there something in the flight description that lets me know there's no switch?  Or do I have to call the airline to learn this?  I prefer to avoid very short layovers, but a short layover on a flight I'm already on is fine. 
37774	Can I discard part of a multi-city (not layover) ticket?	My destination is B. My origin is A. I can buy a multi-city ticket from A-B-C which is cheaper than just A-B.  Note that this is a multi city trip and not just a layover at B.   My question is if I can check my baggage at A and take it off at B. I will obviously ask the agent while checking in at A to check it in to A only.  This is a one-way international ticket.  EDIT: I don't think I was clear. This is not a layover. Please see the itinerary I have attached as an image as let me know if your answer is still valid. 
37783	How do I travel to the USA with my dog (from Europe)?	I'm moving from Germany to California with my dog.  She's originally from the USA, but we've been in Germany for three years.  What do I need to do to travel back to the USA with my dog (10 lbs Chihuahua)?  She is microchipped, has a European pet passport, and is confirmed as an in-cabin pet on our flights (operated by Lufthansa).  We're flying into SFO.  What can I expect from US Customs?  Do I require any further documentation?  References   "Bringing a Dog into the United States" from the CDC  
37800	Can a business visa be used for tourism in schengen states	I have a Schengen business visa. Can I travel as a tourist to the Schengen states or do I need to apply again for a tourist visa? 
37801	Do Indian Citizens require a transit visa when going through Brussels, Belgium?	I am going to India from Canada. My Canadian visa is already expired. Can I travel by way of Brussels? I am an Indian citizen.  My ticket says I have to wait in Brussels for around 5 hrs. 
37801	Do Indian Citizens require a transit visa when going through Brussels, Belgium?	I am going to India from Canada. My Canadian visa is already expired. Can I travel by way of Brussels? I am an Indian citizen.  My ticket says I have to wait in Brussels for around 5 hrs. 
37800	Can a business visa be used for tourism in schengen states	I have a Schengen business visa. Can I travel as a tourist to the Schengen states or do I need to apply again for a tourist visa? 
37800	Can a business visa be used for tourism in schengen states	I have a Schengen business visa. Can I travel as a tourist to the Schengen states or do I need to apply again for a tourist visa? 
37800	Can a business visa be used for tourism in schengen states	I have a Schengen business visa. Can I travel as a tourist to the Schengen states or do I need to apply again for a tourist visa? 
36106	Luggage was stopped by customs (we learned about it after our flight)	We have returned from Russia 4 days ago (Moscow-St.Petersburg-Prague).  After we've arrived to Prague, we learned that our luggage didn't come in our airplane and was lost.  Today we've received information from our airline company (CSA Czech Airlines), that our luggage was stopped by customs for clearance (though they didn't tell us about that, when we were getting into plane).  So now they propose us to buy another ticket at our own expenses to St. Petersburg to come and take our luggage, because they are not responsible for what customs do, they say.  They also refuse to give us a compensation so we could buy some basic stuff (because we have permanent residence in Czech Republic).  Who is responsible for this situation?    Aeroflot airlines (who took the luggage)? CSA airlines (who didn't bring the luggage)? Airport in St. Petersburg who holds the luggage at that moment?   Is it really true, that if customs stops the luggage we should go for it at our own expenses?  Is there any international laws that says, that it is our right to receive compensation for buying temporary basic stuff that we need? 
37834	Why there is passport check at the check-in counter, immigration and even at the gate?	I was wondering, why there are passports check at the check-in counter, immigration and even at the gate. For example, I was at Istanbul flying to either UK or US. There's a security check at the check-in counter asking a bunch of questions about my immigration status even more than the immigration officer at the border. Also, at the gate, there's also security officer checking my immigration status and passport asking the same questions. I thought that would be the responsibility of immigration officer rather than some third party company?   The thing I'm curious the most is they don't even know which countries this passport can go to with or without visa. They have to go back to the counter and check with the system which takes a long time. I was wondering why they hire these kind of companies to slow down the process? 
37847	I have a B1/B2 visa, can I visit my wife in US?	I have B1/B2 visa and traveled to the US for a business trip from my company couple time. I am recently married and my wife is on H1B status from 1 1/2 yrs. I am planning to visit the US in coming months.  Questions:    Will I be eligible travel US on personal visit?   My wife is sponsoring for my trip, what documents do I need to carry along with me?     What queries I might face at port of entry?  
37847	I have a B1/B2 visa, can I visit my wife in US?	I have B1/B2 visa and traveled to the US for a business trip from my company couple time. I am recently married and my wife is on H1B status from 1 1/2 yrs. I am planning to visit the US in coming months.  Questions:    Will I be eligible travel US on personal visit?   My wife is sponsoring for my trip, what documents do I need to carry along with me?     What queries I might face at port of entry?  
37829	Do I need a 4x4 to reach must-see places on Maui?	We'll be visiting Maui for a week or so next spring -- our first time in Hawaii. Are there any must-see places that require a 4x4 to reach them, or will we be fine with a regular car? I'm not talking about serious off-roading. I've read that parts of the Hana highway are unpaved but passable by a normal car. Apart from that, any spots that are more demanding?  I had an unlucky experience in Iceland few years ago, where I rented a pseudo-SUV (Honda CR-V) that couldn't take us down some roads that needed more aggressive tyres or better fording depth. Just want to make sure I won't make the same mistake here. 
37909	Cheapest (and hopefully fastest) option for family to transfer from CDG to ORY	My husband and two young daughters (6 &amp; 3) are needing to get to ORY from CGD for a connecting flight that leaves 6 hours after we land.  I have ready about Air France Bus, which sounds the most stress free but for 84 EU sounds expensive.  Are there any recommendations for cheaper but just as stress free options that might (by some miracle) cost less? 
37909	Cheapest (and hopefully fastest) option for family to transfer from CDG to ORY	My husband and two young daughters (6 &amp; 3) are needing to get to ORY from CGD for a connecting flight that leaves 6 hours after we land.  I have ready about Air France Bus, which sounds the most stress free but for 84 EU sounds expensive.  Are there any recommendations for cheaper but just as stress free options that might (by some miracle) cost less? 
37886	Where can I exchange a Faroese crown bank note?	I live in London and would like to sell a 200 kr. Faroe Islands banknote. This should be worth about £20 by the way.  I learn the currency is equivalent to Danish crowns, but none of the UK banks will buy it (hence, I am told by a money changer, that they will not buy it because they cannot sell it onward to a UK bank).  There ought to be an easy solution here that doesn't involve me flying to Copenhagen... 
37922	Europe working holiday for an Australian	My partner and I are planning to travel to Europe in 2015. My partner holds a British passport (he is an Australian citizen) and I hold an Australian passport. We are hoping to travel for one or two years.  We plan to spend most of our time completing workaways (no money is exchanged).  My question is: will a youth mobility visa for the UK allow me to travel throughout Europe without obtaining another visa for each individual country?  As far as I'm aware my partner will be able to travel on his British passport with no visa requirements. 
37949	Do I need a transit visa for waiting 23 hours in Dubai airport?	I am an Indian citizen living in Ukraine. I will be traveling to India but I need to wait in Dubai airport 23 hours for my next flight to India. I will not be leaving Dubai airport.  So in this case do I need a transit visa? 
37913	How do I book a one-way rail ticket from Tokyo to Toyota City?	I will be in Japan next week for a business trip to Toyota City. I will be there for three weeks, and while I'm actually in Toyota City I'll have no need for transportation other than my feet. I've already booked a flight to Tokyo and my original plan was to travel by rail to Toyota City. My question concerns how I will accomplish this latter task. Although I do plan on traveling some on the weekends (this is my first time in Japan), and I appreciate any additional insight on single-day trips I might take on the weekend, that's not my primary concern. I will be using company funds to pay for my trip from Tokyo to Toyota City (and back, 21 days later), but will be using private funds for any weekend trips. I'm interested in taking the bullet train at least once, but I'm not otherwise committed to using the train if taking a bus makes more sense. I'm able to pay more for additional convenience, but within reason, of course. So, my question has the following parts:   What is the best way of traveling from Tokyo to Toyota City? My research so far suggests taking a Hikari train from Tokyo to Nagoya (¥10580, ~2 hours), taking the Chuo Line to Kozoji (¥??, ? minutes), and then taking the Aichi Loop Line to Toyota (¥??, ? minutes). This seems a bit complicated, and given my inability to speak Japanese, somewhat dangerous. The other option I've considered is a bus trip to Toyota City, which seems possibly safer in terms of me messing up (but I'm not sure), probably cheaper (~¥12000), but almost definitely slower (~4 hours). As I will be arriving in Tokyo at 16:35 after a very long flight, I'm keen on reducing the total travel time. How do I actually book it? Is there an on-line site I should go to to buy ahead of time? For example, I see there's such a thing as the "Puratto Kodama Economy Plan" which makes the trip from Tokyo to Nagoya only ¥8100 if I book ahead of time, which of course brings some risk unless I leave sufficient cushion for my plane not arriving exactly on time — I'm not sure about how reliable this will be, especially considering that I'm flying from CHO (Charlottesville) to Dulles (Washington, DC), and then from Dulles to Narita (Tokyo), with my primary concern being the trip from CHO to Dulles. If there's not an on-line site, where do I go to when I get to Tokyo to buy the tickets?   Any additional suggestions are also welcome. 
37962	toll cost for my trip	I want to find the cost of all my tolls and estimate on total gas for my trip from Mexico, ME to Chittenango, NY which is 385 miles shortest distance driving a 17 foot U-Haul truck, averaging roughly 10 miles to the gallon. 
37979	Any travel site for medium/long distance multimodal comparison? (Train then plane etc.)	I am trying to get from one minor city (X) in Europe to the other (Z). There are many options. I could train for an hour to X, then fly to Y, then train to Z. Or I could train from X to Z, or I could, bus to other airport W, fly to other airport Q, then train Q to Z, etc. etc.  Many website (e.g. skyscanner) will show me all the flights. Some show train sites will show me how to get from A to B via train (maybe by bus).  Is there any site that links them all together? So I enter a city/town name, and it tells me all the options for how to get there. Price is a factor, but not the main factor. 
37946	Travel times during peak hours in Los Angeles	Traffic patterns repeat themselves.  I've tried getting driving directions with Google Maps, but it seems like they only provide the estimate with either no traffic being on the way, or with only the current traffic situation being accounted for.  What if I need to arrive at time X to place Y from place Z?  What time do I depart, taking the prior traffic patterns in consideration (which I'm unfamiliar with, since it's my first time being in the area)?  In other words, where do I get the information about the average traffic congestion between two given points at a given time window on a given day of the week?  (I'm currently in need of such information for travelling from Riverside to LA, but it would also be useful for directions between San Jose and San Francisco etc.) 
37984	Must a Canadian citizen enter Canada on a Canadian passport?	This question assumes that this citizen has another passport (eg from dual citizenship). I thought to ask because identical questions for different countries yielded disparate answers. Both of the following quotes can be found in the penultimate para in each answer. If existent, please  cite official sources.     UK: The UK does NOT have such a requirement. ie, you can enter the country using either your US or UK passports      USA: Also be aware that as a US citizen you MUST enter the US as a citizen. ...  
37984	Must a Canadian citizen enter Canada on a Canadian passport?	This question assumes that this citizen has another passport (eg from dual citizenship). I thought to ask because identical questions for different countries yielded disparate answers. Both of the following quotes can be found in the penultimate para in each answer. If existent, please  cite official sources.     UK: The UK does NOT have such a requirement. ie, you can enter the country using either your US or UK passports      USA: Also be aware that as a US citizen you MUST enter the US as a citizen. ...  
37986	Traveling from Bombay to SFO via Newark	I'm flying from Bombay to SFO. I need to change planes in Newark. The connection time is 2hrs 25mins. Is that enough as I'll have to go through customs and immigration as well? How much time does that usually take? Also will I have to change the terminals as well? 
37998	How safe are the ferries in Indonesia?	I'm planning a holiday to Indonesia and want to visit multiple islands. I had thought to take ferries between the different islands. However, a lot of people have told me bad things about the ferries in Indonesia, including:  (a) The ferries have far too many people packed onto them, well above the limit imposed for health &amp; safety reasons  (b) The ferries are not seaworthy and therefore likely to be involved in a tragic accident  (c) The ferries will give you a rough crossing to the point of making you ill  Basically, I just want to know if the situation is really this bad. For example, are there safety records of Indonesian ferries to give an objective view of the situation?  To be more objective, some pointer questions are:   Are these things really true, or just people complaining without good reason? What kind of things can go wrong if the ferry operators put more people on than the limit? How frequently do accidents really happen on ferry routes compared to how many ferry crossings there are in a year? For example, is it significantly more likely to be killed in an Indonesian shipping accident than in a plane accident? What are the other ways of travelling between Indonesian islands and the benefits/disadvantages of each? Flying is an obvious one, but is this really practical (in order to reach typical tourist destinations quickly enough to fit into, say, a 10-day long holiday) and does it have any similar safety risks associated with local carriers?  
38000	Internship in Switzerland after French student visa	I am a US student studying in Paris for the spring semester. I am in the process of getting my student visa, which will be valid until mid-July.   However, I am planning to intern in Switzerland until mid-August. Once I leave France, am I able to stay in Switzerland? and for how long? Or must I leave the Schengen zone? I'm trying to figure out how I can make this work.  What is required (visa?) by Switzerland for US citizens that want to be interns? 
38003	Claim for Lost and then found baggage	I am in a tricky situation. In an emergency flight, a middle-eastern airline lost my one baggage. After 21 days as their policy- they asked me to submit the documents to claim it. They were supposed to reimburse me within next 21 days. That did not happen. Now they have found the baggage at a third airport, 1 month after filing the claim. I have not yet been contacted by them to collect it though, probably they are arranging it.  What should I do here? What and how I can claim? My baggage contained mostly edible items, which surely have rotted in this two-month period. Furthermore, to collect all this stuff its lots of efforts and time given being an annual trip to home. 
38004	How can I bring a broken tablet on an airplane to the US?	Earlier this year when in America I bought a Nexus 7 tablet and brought it with me to Argentina. The tablet stopped working shortly after arrival and nothing I tried to do made it work. By chance I'm flying again to the US, where I'll be able to give the tablet back under warranty. However, the TSA doesn't seem to allow you to bring uncharged or not working electronics on some flights.  Does this restriction apply to the carry-on luggage of all international flights? Is there anywhere I can check this?  If so, does the TSA let you bring electronics in the checked-in baggage?    Passing electronics and other expensive things through the Argentine border is nearly guaranteed to get them stolen, but this may be the only way to bring it to the United States. 
38022	Schengen Visa from UK for an Indian working in UK on Tier2 ICT visa	I have an Indian passport and currently I am working in UK on Tier2 ICT visa. I need to go to Switzerland on a business visit. Please advise whether I can get Schengen visa while in UK and do I get some advantage due to UK Tier 2 ICT visa? 
38023	Afghan citizen on a tier 4 student visa in the UK. Can I travel to France on my Schengen visa a week before it expires?	I am an Afghan citizen, a student on a tier 4 visa in the UK. I have a Schengen visa which will expire in a week. Can I travel to France for 2 days before my visa expires? 
38028	Travelling to India from Jamaica via Brussels	I am travelling from Montego Bay airport, Jamaica to India Via Brussels Airport. Do i need to hold a valid visa to fly from Brussels.  Appreciate any response. 
3748	Flying with a desktop computer (as checked luggage)	On an upcoming trip, I will be taking a desktop computer and monitor as checked luggage (on a United/Continental flight). What should I be aware of when doing this? What needs to be done to properly protect all the components? Are there any airline policies I should be aware of? 
38024	South African Citizen, Applying for a Schengen visa while in London	I am a South African Citizen in the theatre industry. I am travelling to London next week for work (all visas for that are sorted). I need to apply for a Schengen visa to perform in Italy in three weeks time. I am coming back to South Africa after London, then need to make my way to Italy. Can I do my Schengen visa application for Italy from London? Where would I do it, at the Italian Embassy? It would need to be returned by the time I leave london - i.e. processed in a week. How viable is this? 
38035	90 Day Visa Question for ESTA	My girlfriend is Swiss and has the ESTAVisa. We landed in the US over 3 months ago and were in NYC for just 4 days. Then, we have been in Canada for the past 3 months+. I just read that a visit to Canada doesn't count as "leaving the US".  She is not a resident of Canada, but we've been here for over 3 months so it's obviously not a border jump. Any ideas? 
38036	How to get rid of Argentinian Peso before leaving the country?	Does anyone have any good suggestions of how to get rid of Argentine peso before leaving the country?  I have read peso can be hard to exchange back or if it can it can only be done at the poor official rate.  Is there anything I can do to retain the value?  
38060	What will be open during Christmas in Bergen?	I am thinking to go to Bergen during Christmas holiday on 25, 26, 27, 28 December. I have already checked that train and hostel are available, however I am worried if everything will be closed since it's holiday and it will be very limited for the places to visit.  
38057	Drive in China with Chinese driver but foreign (own) car?	Based on my research it's difficult to get a Chinese driving license as tourist and expensive to have an obligated local guide. So I look for an alternative.  Is it possible to hire an (English speaking) Chinese driver, who drive you thru China in your own car? He deal with police and the Chinese traffic sign, but you stay flexible in your route and can bring your car thru China. (Not import, just in and out)  It's about a Chinese driver in a foreign car, and not about Chinese driving license or Chinese plates. 
38075	Why do I need to buy a ticket to get into the secure half of a US airport?	I have read elsewhere that it is a common strategy to buy a cheap (as cheap as $20) ticket in order to get access to the secure half of an airport, for the purpose of meeting someone at the gate. If this is so easy, why is it a requirement at all? It seems to simply be an intentional inconvenience and "fee", not to mention what it does to the planning and timeline of the airline that finds themselves under-booked. 
38081	Validity of Schengen visa	I want to apply for a Schengen visa for multiple countries from London. My travel plan is Belgium then Switzerland and last is Paris.    What will be the validity of the visa I will get if first port of entry is Belgium? Do I get a 6 months visa validity or less than that? 
38081	Validity of Schengen visa	I want to apply for a Schengen visa for multiple countries from London. My travel plan is Belgium then Switzerland and last is Paris.    What will be the validity of the visa I will get if first port of entry is Belgium? Do I get a 6 months visa validity or less than that? 
38081	Validity of Schengen visa	I want to apply for a Schengen visa for multiple countries from London. My travel plan is Belgium then Switzerland and last is Paris.    What will be the validity of the visa I will get if first port of entry is Belgium? Do I get a 6 months visa validity or less than that? 
38085	Opening a bank account as a tourist in the US	I was wondering how easy, if at all possible, was to get a regular banck account and debit card in the US as a foreigner.  The main reason is that I am planing on buying some hardware on Newegg and they dont accept any credit or debit cards that are not issued on the US (which is really dumb as Amazon, TigerDirect, and many others do). I read that in TD Bank is really easy to get an account as a foreigner without a SSN, does anyone know this to be true? Also I have a house in New York so I do have a US address to give to the bank. 
38097	Is a leather jacket + layers good enough for an European winter? (Back packing)	In a question a bit related to Winter apparel for Europe (November-December), would a leather jacket (thinner lamb jacket) be okay for traveling Spain/France/Italy during November/December?  I also plan to take a SmartWool longsleeve base layer + (t)shirt + hoodie. Would that be enough layers? I also have a not too thick down puffy jacket but I guess it is way brighter (brightish green).. and for some reason I wanna look "good" in Europe :). It would probably be warmer though.  I'm currently living in San Diego, to give an idea of what I'm used to now, though I did lived in Seattle for a bit, and the puffy/down one kept me warm enough by itself during winter, the leather one was a bit chilly if worn by itself, but I never tried with a proper base layer and warm middle.  Thanks!  EDIT:  I'm planning mostly to visit cities and towns, not snowboarding or so. For France (which I believe is the coldest of those 3 countries) pretty much just Paris and nearby towns. Italy is where I'll spend most of my time, and my plan is to start in the north and move south all the way down to Sicily, where I would be ending my trip and coming back home.  As an aside, are rain jackets really needed/recommended? Or would a simple expandable umbrella be enough? 
38096	Lost indian passport with Austrian schengen visa, How to continue travelling?	I lost my Indian passport with a three-month Schengen visa (Austrian) while travelling in France.   I have a new passport, but does anyone know the way in which I can continue to legally travel in the Schengen area? ( I have a passport, a copy of my visa and the police report along with my “Meldezettel”) 
38118	I have a 16 hour layover in Heathrow London	I'm travelling from the USA to Madeira Portugal and I have a layover for 16 hours. I was wondering if I need a Visa in order to stay the night in a hotel at the airport in terminal 4? This is the first time I'm travelling international so would like some advice also am I allowed to do a little sight seeing while I'm there without a visa? 
38135	Indian import duties on watches and mobile phones	I would like to bring two new phones (in addition to my personal phone), and possibly some watches, from the US into India.  Can I do this? What will be the implications? 
38139	About Dubai, hotel as an unmarried couple but with a twist	Alright, so everything is already booked, hotel, plane tickets etc, we're both aware of the laws and such regarding behaviour and living in the same hotel as an unmarried couple.  My girlfriend was feeling anxious about it and chose to contact the hotel via an e-mail asking if there's any problem with not beeing married...her full name is displayed in the e-mail, anyone know what to do now?  The hotel is booked in my name btw.  EDIT: The one that answered made a CC as well to another one in the hotel… is this normal? 
22050	Driving through every country in Europe	I'm thinking about planning a trip where I drive though every country in Europe. I know that there are people who have driven though every state in the US. There is information online about their plans, the trip, and the time it took. However I can't find much about this kind of thing in Europe.  I'm looking for strategies, other people's attempts, or successes. Driving is not necessary a requirement either, taking the train for some of it would be fine, possibly preferable.  So how would I go about it? Is there a prefered place to start? What constraints do the existence of connections (roads, trains, ferries) impose? 
38165	Ending a flight journey in one of the halts	I'm planning to book a flight from Frankfurt to Bangalore (onward and return) from a travel website. The ticket includes journey from Frankfurt - Zurich - Mumbai - Bangalore. However, the layover in Mumbai is 12 hours and my hometown is almost in between Mumbai and Bangalore, so I would like to end my onward flight journey in Mumbai so I dont have to wait for 12+6 hours.  I looked for flights between Frankfurt and mumbai but there were not as economical as this one. So I have no other good option but to book from Frankfurt to Bangalore.  Is it actually possible by the airlines to check in my baggage and ticket only until Mumbai, but continue to board return flight at Bangalore.  Every help is appreciated. 
38181	Will I pass through airport security screening wearing trousers and a jacket with metal zippers/buttons	I will be boarding on an international flight from Europe to USA. My outfit will consist of velvet pants and a jacket. Both these have a few metal zippers and buttons. Nothing fancy, though. Just regular clothing.  Will I be given the green light to board my flight, considering the above mentioned? Will they put me through manual inspection and then go through? 
34223	UK to Iran by car - insurance question	My husband and I are Australians who want to buy a car in the UK and drive it to Iran through Europe (incl. Eastern Europe), Turkey, Armenia, Azerbaijan etc. We want to leave ASAP once we have the practicalities sorted.  Our plan is to then drive back to the UK by Christmas and sell the car there (this way we don't have to pay for export etc).   It has been much more difficult than expected finding out about insurance for this, and I was hoping someone might be able to help us. Most importantly, we want to have third party liability insurance for the entire trip.   So, our questions are:    Has anyone else done this trip?  Did you buy international insurance? A few insurance companies (including Clements that I read about on a Horizons Unlimited thread) have said they will cover us for Europe and Turkey, but not Iran (or the 'Stans' area).  If you did manage to buy international insurance that covered Iran etc, who did you go through and how much did it cost (roughly)?  The other option we are considering is buying insurance for Europe and Turkey, then buying insurance at the border for these other countries (eg Iran). Does anyone know if this is possible, or have you done it? Is it easy enough to do?  Any other tips on sorting out the practicalities for such a trip, especially around insurance, would be very much appreciated.    Thanks so much!  p.s. We are buying the car in the UK instead of continental Europe because as Australians on a tourist visa we can't buy a car in Europe without residency. We know that they drive on the other side in the UK, so are looking for a left-hand vehicle there (and if that's not possible, we'll just have to cope!) :-) 
38205	Action against Go Air Airline	Referring to the following thread:   Is 3 hours enough connecting time in New Delhi Indira Gandhi (T1 to T3)?  And my last comment,which is as follows:  "This GoAir Airline is really weird. They now cancelled my Nagpur-Pune-NewDelhi flight as well.I got a text message and email 24 hrs before. Also while refunding, they are not ready to refund 100/- convenience charges. Now, I have booked my tickets with another airline which will arrive at NewDelhi in the afternoon and hence I don't have at least worry about 3 hours time."  I am planning to take some action against this non sense "Go Air" airline company because of which I had to pay Rs 10,000 for the new flight because of 11th hour cancellation. Can anyone suggest if someone has taken any sort of action before?   Thanks  
38220	How to get a visa reissued in France after having lost my passport?	I am in France on a student exchange up to December 2014. My Indian passport with Schengen visa was stolen. I got a duplicate passport from Indian embassy in Paris but not from the Schengen visa. How can I get it reissued in France? 
38220	How to get a visa reissued in France after having lost my passport?	I am in France on a student exchange up to December 2014. My Indian passport with Schengen visa was stolen. I got a duplicate passport from Indian embassy in Paris but not from the Schengen visa. How can I get it reissued in France? 
38215	Can you use an Ergo baby on a Singapore Airlines flight?	We are about to undertake an adventure on a Singapore Airways flight with a 22 month old.   I have found no formal information to the contrary. Has anyone successfully used an Ergo Baby carrier on a SA flight?  My wife heard from someone in her mothers group that they were not allowed to use it on theirs, and I was skeptical. 
38227	Transiting Brussels, after having lost your passport in the USA	My son is returning from USA to India By Jet Air Ways Via Brussels.  He had lost his Indian Passport in USA While studying on F1 Visa. He has obtained duplicate passport from Indian consulate and also I94 from Department of Homeland Security in USA. He has duly reported this to Florida police and US Consulate in India. But his duplicate passport does not have stamped visas. However he is now on H1b status and has all the immigration documents. Can my son use Brussels as a transit point while flying back to India? 
38227	Transiting Brussels, after having lost your passport in the USA	My son is returning from USA to India By Jet Air Ways Via Brussels.  He had lost his Indian Passport in USA While studying on F1 Visa. He has obtained duplicate passport from Indian consulate and also I94 from Department of Homeland Security in USA. He has duly reported this to Florida police and US Consulate in India. But his duplicate passport does not have stamped visas. However he is now on H1b status and has all the immigration documents. Can my son use Brussels as a transit point while flying back to India? 
38245	Change of Terminals at Heathrow airport - Which Visa to apply	I have a change of terminals for connecting flight to India from US. Which Visa should I be applying Direct Airside Transit or Vistor in Transit? I will be getting out of airport. 
14282	Determining if flight prices are likely to increase soon	I'm planning to fly from Australia to Japan for a conference that straddles May and June, but unfortunately they haven't released tickets for the conference yet. I'm 95% sure I'd be able to buy a conference ticket when it gets released, but not totally sure. Thankfully, I have three weeks of annual leave, which gives me a bit of flexibility for when I fly.  I'm currently planning on waiting until conference tickets get released before booking any flights, but I'm getting twitchy.  What approaches can I use to see if prices are likely to increase soon?  Approaches I can envisage are   Check what's happening with flights a week or three ahead of when I want to fly. (This was mentioned in Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?) Check whether some flights on more popular days around my flight time are starting to go up in price, and if that's happening, choose other days that haven't gone up in price yet. Sign up for some travel website "last seats selling" alert? (Are these things trustworthy?)   Additionally, is there any way of telling if a date I want is likely to be peak season for travel and therefore sell out faster than approach #1 would indicate? 
38280	Cancelling a Schengen Visa via the Italian Consulate	My wife has a Schengen visa issued by the Italian consulate in the UK.  It expires at the beginning of December, and as we want to travel to Europe for the Christmas holiday, we were hoping to cancel the current Schengen visa early in order to apply for another one in time.  I have contacted the Italian consulate in London by email, and they have told me that they are unable to do this.   After a quick search online, it seems other people have had more luck cancelling their visas.   So my question is: has anyone cancelled a Schengen visa issued by Italy, and if so - how? 
38274	Do airline pricing systems use "tickles" as data?	Of course, airline "pricers" (humans or now computer) use every sale to decide and determine what the price for a flight is going to be on a given day, as the flight approaches.  I'm curious whether MERELY SEARCHING on a flight (whether on the airline.com or expedia/etc) is actually USED AS DATA in this process.  So for example, it might be that merely checking an obscure flight on expedia - but not securing it - means that wen you try later than afternoon the price goes up.  Example of this in a similar industry: depressingly regarding buying domain names, mere tickles actually trigger systems where bastard domain companies watch for certain patterns and buy them up so they can resell.  We have not worked on airline systems for some time so I have no clue.  Does anyone happen to have an insider fact on this?  I know there are some people here who actually do the software for reseller systems, etc, so someone here may know.  Cheers!  Please, I do not need advice on how to buy the cheapest fare, I'm just wondering specifically as it asks in the question if anyone has any inside technical info on the question at hand (or perhaps, some real world anecdote that would maybe suggest a "tickle" seem to trigger a price offer change).  Again to repeat the question, I'm curious whether MERELY SEARCHING on a flight is actually USED AS DATA in the pricing process. 
946	When to book tickets from travel sites rather than airline sites?	When booking plane tickets, I generally buy directly from the airline's website (as it is often the lowest or near-lowest price for the destinations I travel between). However, I know there are many other travel sites like Expedia, Travelocity, or Kayak.  When does it make sense to buy from one of those sites instead of direct, and what are the pros and cons of tickets purchased through them? 
38281	How to start traveling the world by bicycle?	I am a 19 year old, and I am going to travel the world by bicycle.  How to start(exercise)?  Is there any group that I can join them and travel together?  What kind of bicycle do I need?  I am not exercising a lot and I am not a professional when it comes to bicycling. 
38341	Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)	I have a South African passport and valid visas' for the UK and Schengen. My trip is to the UK for a week then to Germany for two weeks. I'm staying in Germany for those two weeks and not going to any other Schengen states.  My Schengen visa was issued by German embassy and they have given me a multiple-entry three week visa staring from when I actually arrive in the UK. My UK visa also allows multiple entries.  Now plans have changed and I may need to go to Paris for 3 days while I'm in the UK. (The dates all fall within my allocated Schengen visa dates that I'm allowed to be in Germany so I do not have a date issue.) Is this OK? Will I have trouble with getting into France and then returning to the UK after the three day trip? My problem is that on my Schengen visa application I never said I was going to go France at all?  If its too much of a mission I'd rather not risk it but just thought I'd ask if this was in fact allowed. 
38341	Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)	I have a South African passport and valid visas' for the UK and Schengen. My trip is to the UK for a week then to Germany for two weeks. I'm staying in Germany for those two weeks and not going to any other Schengen states.  My Schengen visa was issued by German embassy and they have given me a multiple-entry three week visa staring from when I actually arrive in the UK. My UK visa also allows multiple entries.  Now plans have changed and I may need to go to Paris for 3 days while I'm in the UK. (The dates all fall within my allocated Schengen visa dates that I'm allowed to be in Germany so I do not have a date issue.) Is this OK? Will I have trouble with getting into France and then returning to the UK after the three day trip? My problem is that on my Schengen visa application I never said I was going to go France at all?  If its too much of a mission I'd rather not risk it but just thought I'd ask if this was in fact allowed. 
38341	Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)	I have a South African passport and valid visas' for the UK and Schengen. My trip is to the UK for a week then to Germany for two weeks. I'm staying in Germany for those two weeks and not going to any other Schengen states.  My Schengen visa was issued by German embassy and they have given me a multiple-entry three week visa staring from when I actually arrive in the UK. My UK visa also allows multiple entries.  Now plans have changed and I may need to go to Paris for 3 days while I'm in the UK. (The dates all fall within my allocated Schengen visa dates that I'm allowed to be in Germany so I do not have a date issue.) Is this OK? Will I have trouble with getting into France and then returning to the UK after the three day trip? My problem is that on my Schengen visa application I never said I was going to go France at all?  If its too much of a mission I'd rather not risk it but just thought I'd ask if this was in fact allowed. 
38341	Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)	I have a South African passport and valid visas' for the UK and Schengen. My trip is to the UK for a week then to Germany for two weeks. I'm staying in Germany for those two weeks and not going to any other Schengen states.  My Schengen visa was issued by German embassy and they have given me a multiple-entry three week visa staring from when I actually arrive in the UK. My UK visa also allows multiple entries.  Now plans have changed and I may need to go to Paris for 3 days while I'm in the UK. (The dates all fall within my allocated Schengen visa dates that I'm allowed to be in Germany so I do not have a date issue.) Is this OK? Will I have trouble with getting into France and then returning to the UK after the three day trip? My problem is that on my Schengen visa application I never said I was going to go France at all?  If its too much of a mission I'd rather not risk it but just thought I'd ask if this was in fact allowed. 
26372	Extra luggage charges for a flight with Qatar Airways and JetBlue between India and the US	I have flight from Ahmedabad, India to Raleigh, NC, USA. The flight detail is as follows:   Ahmedabad to Doha - Qatar Airways | QR 535 Doha to New York - Qatar Airways | QR 701 New York to Raleigh - JetBlue Airways | B6 1185   Will I be charged for extra luggage by both airlines i.e Qatar and JetBlue? What are the charges for additional weight (between 23-32 Kg) in comparison to a separate 23 Kg bag? 
37049	Is iPad counted as a second Laptop?	I will be carrying my personal laptop to New Delhi from USA in a laptop bag. I am planning to keep a new iPad (cost $900) in my laptop bag. If I keep it unpacked and keep the box in the checked in bag, would it be counted as a second laptop or computer which violates customs law? Please let me know if I should go ahead an declare it? 
37049	Is iPad counted as a second Laptop?	I will be carrying my personal laptop to New Delhi from USA in a laptop bag. I am planning to keep a new iPad (cost $900) in my laptop bag. If I keep it unpacked and keep the box in the checked in bag, would it be counted as a second laptop or computer which violates customs law? Please let me know if I should go ahead an declare it? 
35283	Italy visa: Ticket reservations for flights	I am applying to schengen tourist visa (Italy). The visa requirement page says     Ticket reservations for round-trip flights originating in this jurisdiction to Europe (and ultimately to Italy) and back, including internal entry and exit points of travel i.e. EURORAIL tickets, car rental, internal flights. The names on reservations have to reflect the name on passport;   Does that mean I have to show them paid ticket? Or I can show the planned itinerary (written 'not booked' in Expedia)?   I am a US green card holder and applying from San Francisco.   Can anyone please share their experience? 
37948	American overstay in Germany	My American passport says that I entered Amsterdam and that I left from Germany over a month later... once I returned directly to Germany. I proceeded to stay longer then the 90 day period. But my passport only has me as being in Germany for about 59 days of the 90 because I was stamped in Amsterdam before continuing the Germany. Am I still ok to apply for a Schengen visa so that I can return to Germany for another trip?  
38361	How can we find out where there will be snow in Europe in December?	We are looking to go on holiday this December and we want to go somewhere were there is guaranteed snow.  We want to avoid the obvious areas, such as the Alps, but I am really struggling to find out which other places will typically have snow. There are plenty of sites which give information about snow cover today, but I can't find any that give average coverage over the year.  Is there anywhere that provides information about weather through out the year in different regions? 
38374	If I leave through Hyder, will Canada know I've left?	I'm from the U.S. and I've been a visitor in Canada for almost six months. I was planning on going up to Hyder, AK and from there traveling around Alaska for a couple weeks before returning home (to the lower 48). I have no wish to overstay in Canada. However, as there is no U.S. border presence at Hyder, would I experience a problem with Canada thinking I had never left? 
38390	Is an Oyster card worth it for 3 days?	I am in London for about three days in December (Sunday - Wednesday). I have to get from Heathrow to Balham/Clapham and then to various museums and galleries in the Westminster region during this time.    I was thinking that the easiest and cheapest way to get from Heathrow to Balham was by bus to Victoria Station and then Underground to Balham - is this silly?    I'm on a tight budget but will obviously like to get around the city and sightsee etc. I am clueless as to what the cheapest way is to get my Underground tickets for this short space of time.   Is an Oyster card the most cost-effective way, or buying paper tickets? 
38407	Do I need a DATV to travel via London from USA to India on F1 visa?	I am travelling to Mumbai from USA via London(British Airways) in December 2014. Do I need a direct airside transit visa (DATV) for this? My layover while going to Mumbai is 2 hours and while coming to the US is 4 hours. I have called up all the possible sources and have received contradicting answers from everywhere. Airport officials say no, Immigration says yes. I am on F1 visa which expires in 2015 so I have a valid visa on my passport. I traveled to India in May 2014 and didn't go through this hassle. According to the conditions on the immigration site, if the duration from the time I entered the country back again is less than six months I am exempted from the visa. However, I complete more than six months. So, I partially fulfill the conditions. i Is this a new rule?  
38404	Travel insurance for elderly visitor from Georgia to UK	I am preparing documents for a family member from Georgia to visit me in the UK for a period of about 1 month.  He is a citizen of Georgia and lives in Georgia.  I am a UK citizen residing in the UK.  I want to buy travel insurance for his trip, however, being in the UK, I can't seem to find almost any companies that sell travel insurance for people visiting the UK.  The only one I managed to find is http://www.imgeurope.co.uk - bit I'm sure there should be others.  Apparently, this family member tried to find travel insurance in Georgia but, according to him, it's not something that's normally practiced there.  EDIT: In addition, the person in question is over 66 years of age.  Any advise on how to approach this?  While covering missed flight connections, lost baggage, etc. would be a nice touch, I'm primarily interested in the medical cover. 
38403	Schengen visitor visa refused by Greece, how to appeal?	I applied for a visitor visit to the Embassy of Greece with full documentation, but they refused me with the reasons below:       The information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not reliable.     and       Your intention for leaving the territory of the member state could not be ascertained.     I want to apply for an appeal to the Grecian Embassy, but am unsure where to begin.  What is the proper procedure and normal response time? 
38412	Skipping the final leg in a multi-stop flight, will there be any immigration problems?	I have a flight with 3 stops, the last one in Atlanta, before I arrive at México.  I was planning to stay a couple days in Atlanta, so I won't use  the last connection.  Since the cost to change the ticket is expensive I would rather to buy a new ticket just from USA to Mexico.   My question is, should I notify to the airline about this? Immigration in USA could see this action like suspicious?  
38414	Indian citizens holding J 1 visa travelling on cruise to Bahamas	Indian citizens holding J1 visa in US want to travel to Bahamas on cruise. Do they need Bahamas visa ? 
38384	Is there a "safest" route through Pakistan (from China to Iran)?	On my upcoming trip I'll be starting in Asia and would love to travel overland to Europe, especially via Iran.  Usually I'm not scared or intimidated by "dangerous" destinations. China is a breeze and I'm not at all fazed by Iran, having met lots of lovely Iranians and a few travellers who had great times there.  But last time I intended to visit Pakistan from China I was told the Hunza Valley area had no terrorists and was perfectly safe. But a few weeks before my trip there were ten tourists murdered by terrorists dressed as police at a mountain in Gilgit province, quite close to where I hoped to go.  Violence directed specifically at foreigners, westerners, or tourists is one thing that does put me off a destination.  But this doesn't necessarily put me off a whole country if I can be reasonably assured that I only have to avoid certain areas.  So is there a particularly "safe" route from China to Iran via Pakistan (and not via Afghanistan)? 
2939	What can I do to prevent passport stamps being put on blank pages?	I'm running low on blank passport pages which are sometimes needed for full page visas such as those issued by Armenia, India, and Vietnam.  When I crossed the border into Turkey the other day I got my visa-on-arrival and stamp, but instead of putting it on a partly used page, which I have many, the guy at customs and immigration put them on a previously blank page. Now I have one fewer!  What can I do to prevent or at least reduce the chances of this happening?  It's worth remembering that there's likely to be a language barrier and it's always best to be ultra-nice to these border officials.  Has anybody heard of any trick such as sticking bit of paper in your passport, either blank, or looking a bit like visas? I have noticed that nobody ever stamps a page that has a remnant of something once stapled in there in Japan. There is a kind of stub that had its major part torn off along a perforation. Might I be able to emulate this somehow or would that even be worse making the blank pages invalid for full page visas due to having holes from staples? I know some things can get very picky when it comes to customs and immigration. 
38433	How late do the 200E bus and Metro 3 run from Budapest airport into the city?	Assuming I can correctly understand the right tickets for using the BKK Budapest public transport system, I'm planning to take the 200E bus from Budapest airport to Kőbánya-Kispest, then the metro onwards from there.  However, a possible wrinkle is that my flight is set to get into Budapest fairly late, and even if everything goes well I suspect I won't have got my bags and cleared immigration + customs until at least 10pm. If there's any delays or problems, I could well see that being 11pm+.  That makes me wonder - how late does the 200E bus run? Does the last bus get you in before the last metro leaves, or could you be stranded at Kőbánya-Kispest for the night? And other than taxis, are there any alternatives for late night departures? 
38433	How late do the 200E bus and Metro 3 run from Budapest airport into the city?	Assuming I can correctly understand the right tickets for using the BKK Budapest public transport system, I'm planning to take the 200E bus from Budapest airport to Kőbánya-Kispest, then the metro onwards from there.  However, a possible wrinkle is that my flight is set to get into Budapest fairly late, and even if everything goes well I suspect I won't have got my bags and cleared immigration + customs until at least 10pm. If there's any delays or problems, I could well see that being 11pm+.  That makes me wonder - how late does the 200E bus run? Does the last bus get you in before the last metro leaves, or could you be stranded at Kőbánya-Kispest for the night? And other than taxis, are there any alternatives for late night departures? 
38390	Is an Oyster card worth it for 3 days?	I am in London for about three days in December (Sunday - Wednesday). I have to get from Heathrow to Balham/Clapham and then to various museums and galleries in the Westminster region during this time.    I was thinking that the easiest and cheapest way to get from Heathrow to Balham was by bus to Victoria Station and then Underground to Balham - is this silly?    I'm on a tight budget but will obviously like to get around the city and sightsee etc. I am clueless as to what the cheapest way is to get my Underground tickets for this short space of time.   Is an Oyster card the most cost-effective way, or buying paper tickets? 
38441	Which are safe and unsafe regions in Iran?	Now there's a lot of propaganda in the west that leads us to believe Iran is dangerous and travellers shouldn't go there.  Obviously there are major political disagreements between several governments and the Iranian government and this should be taken into account.  But at a human level I have met many Iranians travelling elsewhere in the world and have found them to be friendly, charming, and hospitable. I have also met several western travellers who spent time in Iran, including hitchhiking around the country, who only have wonderful things to say about the country and its people.  As a traveller I've learned to trust the most what I hear from other travellers about a destination, especially ones which prefer similar ways of travel to myself. I've also learned to trust the opinions of inhabitants of countries bordering on the destination country the least.  Yet some people still insist that Iran is not safe for a traveller, or that it depends greatly on which area of Iran.  I can look up for myself the general travel advisories issued by governments and disclaimers in WikiVoyage. So please don't regurgitate those an answers.  I want to know from travellers who've been there, from Iranians, or from references to specific incidents targeting foreigners/westers about which parts of Iran are no problem, and which parts should be avoided, even by experienced intrepid travellers.  (I realize any advice won't apply to Israeli citizens unfortunately. I'm Australian.) 
38384	Is there a "safest" route through Pakistan (from China to Iran)?	On my upcoming trip I'll be starting in Asia and would love to travel overland to Europe, especially via Iran.  Usually I'm not scared or intimidated by "dangerous" destinations. China is a breeze and I'm not at all fazed by Iran, having met lots of lovely Iranians and a few travellers who had great times there.  But last time I intended to visit Pakistan from China I was told the Hunza Valley area had no terrorists and was perfectly safe. But a few weeks before my trip there were ten tourists murdered by terrorists dressed as police at a mountain in Gilgit province, quite close to where I hoped to go.  Violence directed specifically at foreigners, westerners, or tourists is one thing that does put me off a destination.  But this doesn't necessarily put me off a whole country if I can be reasonably assured that I only have to avoid certain areas.  So is there a particularly "safe" route from China to Iran via Pakistan (and not via Afghanistan)? 
38454	Transit through Paris with valid Canadian Visa	I am an Indian citizen with a valid Canadian visa. My transit time in Paris is about 17 hrs. do i need an airport transit visa? 
38464	Is there an ontology of geographical entities to visit?	I am a traveler of the kind that likes to log. I have this "ridiculous" race with a friend to visit as many country as possible, but we start running into issues about what is called a country. The basic idea is the more the merrier. So obviously, only logging existing countries is not enough. So we are considering to extend to territories (e.g. the Azores, French Guyana, Gibraltar, etc), or extend in the other directions where group of countries have a single name (e.g. Scandinavia, Maghreb, Indochina, Hispaniola, etc.).  What we need is an ontology of conglomerate of countries, countries, regions, and territories. The list doesn't necessarily need to be political correct. If in one language a name exists for two or more countries, even if the inhabitants themselves consider that an insult, it is fine for us.      Does such an ontology exist? 
38474	Which parts of Southern Thailand are safe from violence?	I'm planning to travel by land from Langkawi to Ko Samui (which would include ferry to Satun, bus to Hat Yai and train to Surat Thani), but in Thai Railway Guide (effective 24th May 2014) we can read a scary warning about the violence:     Travel Warning - Southern Thailand      There are almost daily incidents of politically motivated violence in the far south including arson, bombings and shootings. Targets    have included civilians and members of the security forces, government offices, tourist hotels, discotheques and bars, shops,    marketplaces, supermarkets, schools, transport infrastructure and trains in the provinces of Pattani, Yala, Narathiwat and in the    Sadao district of Songkhla province. Since 2004, over 3,500 people have been killed and several thousand more injured. Security    authorities can detain suspects without charge, censor the media, conduct searches and seize documents. The British Foreign    Office and the United States Department of State recommend only essential travel should be made between Hat Yai Junction and    Sungai Kolok. They also advise using hotels outside of Hat Yai’s central business district. Rail travel via Padang Besar has not been    subject to attacks and is considered safe.   Therefore, I'm asking which parts of Southern Thailand are safe from violence (arson, bombings and shootings)?  Also in above warning, it's advised to use hotels outside of Hat Yai’s central business district where actually I'm planning to stay over the night in Hat Yai city central. Is it really the case? I thought staying in central city supposed to be safer than in rural areas.    Related:   Thailand 'one of the most dangerous tourist destinations on Earth' at Daily Mail 2012 Southern Thailand bombings at Wikipedia South Thailand insurgency at Wikipedia  
38469	Independent contracting around the world	This question is hypothetical.   If I am an independent contractor doing work for a company in my home country while located abroad (working via internet can be very normal without appearing at an office).   In such case, will I need to apply for a tourist visa or for a working visa? Does the answer depend on the visiting country or my home country? Are there any types of legal issues I might need to worry about?  
38469	Independent contracting around the world	This question is hypothetical.   If I am an independent contractor doing work for a company in my home country while located abroad (working via internet can be very normal without appearing at an office).   In such case, will I need to apply for a tourist visa or for a working visa? Does the answer depend on the visiting country or my home country? Are there any types of legal issues I might need to worry about?  
38469	Independent contracting around the world	This question is hypothetical.   If I am an independent contractor doing work for a company in my home country while located abroad (working via internet can be very normal without appearing at an office).   In such case, will I need to apply for a tourist visa or for a working visa? Does the answer depend on the visiting country or my home country? Are there any types of legal issues I might need to worry about?  
38485	Which countries in Southeast Asia require travel insurance proof?	I've heard that some countries may require some travel insurance proof when entering to the country.  Which countries require that and what kind of insurance?  Do they accept any standard travel insurance such as that included with some Credit Cards, VISAs or personal banking although there is no any proof or some more specific certificates or papers (e.g. for Malaria)?  Specifically I'm interested for Hong Kong, Vietnam, Singapore, Philippines, Malaysia and Thailand.  Similar question, but for Europe. 
38489	Qatar - Doha - Lounge Options	I am traveling to Vietnam soon and will have a ~6 hour layover in Doha. Since this is quite some time to kill and my connecting flight leaves at 1am from Doha I am wondering about cheap options for lounges in Doha.  Am I eligible to enter any lounge cheaper (or for free) with my Diners Club or MasterCard?  Am I allowed to enter any lounge at all if my flight is economy?  What are the costs and services available? 
38494	Time needed for transfer in Newark (US airport), domestic to international	I may be flying from Orlando to Stockholm transferring in Newark, NJ.  How much time would I need to make that transfer? 
38494	Time needed for transfer in Newark (US airport), domestic to international	I may be flying from Orlando to Stockholm transferring in Newark, NJ.  How much time would I need to make that transfer? 
38487	UK Family Visa Refused, how long till I reapply?	I applied for a family visa on 19th October 2014 and today (10 November.'14) I got the refusal letter. The documents I have provided are listed below:   Sponsor's invitation letter Sponsor's bank statement Employer's certificate House rent agreement Copy of sponsor's passport  My FDR of National Deposit Bureau of Government  Ownership document of my apartment   However, I intended to stay there for 6 months but being cautious I started to proceed for a 2 year visa which was the very first point that they mentioned in the refusal letter. Was that a reason of my refusal?  As I have been retired from Government service in 2007, I didn't provide any bank-statement in my name. But I DID submit the 'Certificate of FDr (Fixed Deposit)'[as mentioned in list_item# 6] of my pension amount and corresponding monthly interest from it which they completely ignored and stated as "have not provided any other evidence of stated monthly income".  Besides, they also mentioned about the absence of evidence of my living circumstances here in Bangladesh although I have provided the ownership documents of my OWN apartment. Wasn't that enough to make them convince that I live in my own apartment right now?  Moreover, I have another fixed deposit on '6-months interest' payment-basis. Probably that was a mistake from my side that I only provided the receipt of accessing it on 2008 but not afterwards.I assume that was one of the reasons.  Finally, the refusal letter mentioned their doubt about my previous stay in the UK back in 1975. I studied and worked there for 6 and a half years which I mentioned in my form but unfortunately couldn't manage any supporting documents against it. What sort of document was I supposed to submit?  So, that was the details of the scenario now. What should I do in this case? Can I reapply right now? Or ask for an administrative review? 
38499	Do I need UK Transit Visa from India to USA with valid US Visa	I will be travelling to Phoenix, USA via London with valid US Visa and onwards journey boarding pass with Indian Passport. I have 18+ hours layover in London. I want to know How likely is to get the 24 hours transit in London. Its a long time and I don't want just to waste it by staying at airport. I want to go to hotel to have some rest and then probably visit some places.  I can see I come under "Transit without Visa concession" but I heard it depends on visa officer to allow to go out or deny. If they won't allow Will I get visa on arrival.   Also I tried to apply for Transit Visa. Its asking me Whether you want to go for sight seeing or not. I said Yes. Its saying me you have to apply for different visa. If I am going out of airport then its natural I will go for sightseeing? I just can't close my eyes and roam around. What other reasons would be there to go out? What do you guys suggest? What to do? I am totally confused.  For those of you who are saying its already answered before. Please read question carefully. Here I am trying to get the exact meaning of Visitor in Transit Visa. That's never answered here in this community.  
38513	Luggage Transfer From Karachi to Brunei	I am travelling alone with 2 kids from Karachi to Dubai (terminal 3)in emirates and will take Royal Brunei from terminal 1. (double jacket tickets):  Q1. Can i have my luggage transferred or booked for Brunei from Karachi? Q2. How will i travel from terminal 3 - 1 without a visa? 
38129	Driving in the US but lost UK paper licence	I am in Florida, USA.  I cannot find my card UK licence, but have the separate paper part to the licence. Is it OK to drive with just the paper part? 
38382	United Airlines' online check-in procedure : "stay" or "transit" for one night?	I have booked flights which involve me transiting through the USA (Newark) en route to Costa Rica. My itinerary includes an overnight stay in New York; I'll be spending the night with relatives.  I went through United Airlines' online check-in process and I was asked if I was travelling to the USA for transit or if I would be staying. (I imagine I'll be asked a similar question at the immigration desk when I arrive in Newark.)  As a UK citizen, I already have an ESTA through the Visa Waiver Program; this question is not about visa requirements.  Which box should I tick? Am I transiting, or staying? 
38522	Transit visa for Amsterdam for a Pakistani passport	Carrying a Pakistani passport do require transit visa for Amsterdam airport. But I am travelling to Canada with a Canadian PR card, do I still need the visa? 
38499	Do I need UK Transit Visa from India to USA with valid US Visa	I will be travelling to Phoenix, USA via London with valid US Visa and onwards journey boarding pass with Indian Passport. I have 18+ hours layover in London. I want to know How likely is to get the 24 hours transit in London. Its a long time and I don't want just to waste it by staying at airport. I want to go to hotel to have some rest and then probably visit some places.  I can see I come under "Transit without Visa concession" but I heard it depends on visa officer to allow to go out or deny. If they won't allow Will I get visa on arrival.   Also I tried to apply for Transit Visa. Its asking me Whether you want to go for sight seeing or not. I said Yes. Its saying me you have to apply for different visa. If I am going out of airport then its natural I will go for sightseeing? I just can't close my eyes and roam around. What other reasons would be there to go out? What do you guys suggest? What to do? I am totally confused.  For those of you who are saying its already answered before. Please read question carefully. Here I am trying to get the exact meaning of Visitor in Transit Visa. That's never answered here in this community.  
38094	Surname difference in Passport & Visa	I am travelling to the US tomorrow.  My surname in visa : Kanduri Rajani My surname in my New Passport: Kanduri   My old passport expired and in the new passport, I changed my surname to 'Kanduri' So, present surname in passport : Kanduri  Will there be any objection if there is a difference in surname in passport and visa?  
22982	How cheap are the cheapest accommodations in Saudi Arabia?	So I know Saudi Arabia is know for being rich and for not issuing tourist visas.  But if somebody were to go there on some other type of visa, such as a business visa, and then attempt some independent backpacker-style tourism to experience, what would be the lowest price range for hotels or accommodation?  I know there are no hostels and I assume you can camp in a tent in the countryside for free. But I also know not everybody there is rich, and sometimes non-rich people still have to visit other parts of their country where they can't stay with relatives.  Also in rich countries there are often very large expat and guest worker populations. So there are conceivably hotels run by and for Indians and Pakistanis.  Assuming somebody that's not worried about the language barrier or staying in "no star" accommodation, what are the lowest prices for a bed or a room anywhere in Saudi Arabia?  (Aslo assume a non-muslim, not on a Hajj pilgrimage.) 
38558	Is it safe to travel in Gabon?	Is it safe to travel overland through Gabon? Which dangers can I expect except from malaria?  Spin-off from What&#39;s a good way t oget from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport? 
38559	Is it safe to travel through Congo-Brazzaville?	Is it safe to travel overland through Congo Brazzaville? (Not DR Congo.) Which dangers can I expect except from malaria?  Spin-off from What&#39;s a good way t oget from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport?  I'd also like to know if there are any dangers along the road aside from malaria. Are there places, towns, border crossings to avoid because of insurgencies or other types of violence? 
38473	Changing planes at Newark Airport	I fly in from Sweden with United to Newark Liberty Airport. The connecting flight with United departs to Costa Rica a few hours later from Newark as well. The two flight-segments are part of the same trip and ticket.  I was hoping to stay in the same terminal but am suspecting that it wont be as straightforward as I had hoped - reading through the older posts it seems that a transfer is needed from A to C but it's not fully clear.   Do I need to pass through immigration? Do I need to fetch our bags? Even if my bags have tags all the way to SJO? Do I need to change terminals? Which terminal would I arrive in? Depart from?  
38521	Is there a way to get from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport?	How can I travel overland from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa by terrestrial public transport? (Meaning I don't have a vehicle and don't want to drive or hitchhike.) Bus, train, and the like.  I care about a fair balance of cheap and fast. I don't want to spend two weeks doing this, nor do I want to spend more money than I must.  I found this story about travelling from Douala to Namibia.  I'm considering going from Douala to Kinshasa myself. So I'd like to see an overview of costs. I guess visa costs (for EU/Dutch citizen) will be biggest chunk of this.  There's a boat from Brazzaville to Kinshasa so the dangers in DR Congo are not really an issue.  See also these two related questions:   Is it safe to travel through Congo-Brazzaville? Is it safe to travel in Gabon?  
38521	Is there a way to get from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport?	How can I travel overland from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa by terrestrial public transport? (Meaning I don't have a vehicle and don't want to drive or hitchhike.) Bus, train, and the like.  I care about a fair balance of cheap and fast. I don't want to spend two weeks doing this, nor do I want to spend more money than I must.  I found this story about travelling from Douala to Namibia.  I'm considering going from Douala to Kinshasa myself. So I'd like to see an overview of costs. I guess visa costs (for EU/Dutch citizen) will be biggest chunk of this.  There's a boat from Brazzaville to Kinshasa so the dangers in DR Congo are not really an issue.  See also these two related questions:   Is it safe to travel through Congo-Brazzaville? Is it safe to travel in Gabon?  
38584	Travel to Cuba as Dual Citizen (Dutch born-Dutch/US Citizen)	This is actually a question a friend of mine had that I couldn't answer directly and really don't know the laws specifically.  If a person already has dual citizenship (specifically American and Dutch) but was born Dutch are they still required to follow travel resrictions to Cuba?  It is unlawful for an American citizen to travel to Cuba since the trade embargo without being granted permission. Most countries do not require a visa up front when traveling as an American citizen and a visa can easily be obtained upon arrival.  Of course there are ways around this rule but without bending or breaking the law of the US.  Would such a travel under a Dutch passport be detrimental to a US citizenship? Or traveling with the US passport even not a native citizen? 
38584	Travel to Cuba as Dual Citizen (Dutch born-Dutch/US Citizen)	This is actually a question a friend of mine had that I couldn't answer directly and really don't know the laws specifically.  If a person already has dual citizenship (specifically American and Dutch) but was born Dutch are they still required to follow travel resrictions to Cuba?  It is unlawful for an American citizen to travel to Cuba since the trade embargo without being granted permission. Most countries do not require a visa up front when traveling as an American citizen and a visa can easily be obtained upon arrival.  Of course there are ways around this rule but without bending or breaking the law of the US.  Would such a travel under a Dutch passport be detrimental to a US citizenship? Or traveling with the US passport even not a native citizen? 
38589	Does American Airlines ask passengers to present credit cards during check-in?	My mom is taking a direct flight from Hong Kong to Dallas, Texas (round-trip) through American Airlines. A relative purchased the air ticket for her in Hong Kong through the website of the airline (aa.com) using the relative's credit card. Will my mom be asked to present the credit card used for the purchase at the check-in counter in Hong Kong International Airport and/or Dallas International Airport?  Where can I look for the information? I cannot find related details on the AA website. Thank you very much. 
38587	Long stay visa for study in France but enter Italy first?	Currently, I am a student in London. I am applying a long stay visa for study in France but I want to enter Italy first. Is it possible to do that and what are the documents I may need to submit to application?  I have filled the application form online, it did not ask me for the any proof for other destination or where will be the first entry country? 
38597	Is my luggage automatically transferred from British Airways to Aer Lingus (BrusselsLHRCork)?	I'll be flying from Brussels (Belgium) to Cork (Ireland). I'm planning on doing this with British Airways. Now if I look at possible flights, I see that there is always a company change in Heathrow. So starting from Brussels it is British Airways to London Heathrow and then Aer Lingus. On the way back, it is the other way around.   Now I am trying to figure out which flight to take so that I have enough time in between. This depends whether I have to check out my luggage and check it back in (or if it transfers automatically). But I can't seem to find this information.  Can someone tell me this or point me to an information source where I can find whether I have to check out and in my luggage in London Heathrow? 
38585	Traveling with computer parts and expensive monitor to Dublin	I have to move computer components, a 850 euro monitor screen and a cheaper on to Dublin. I think to put them in my luggage but I'm a bit afraid it will get stolen. The trip is from Belgium, I can chose from a few airlines: Aer lingus, Ryanair. Brussels airport or charleroi.  I have a normal luggage, with not yet any special locks. Only a 4 number lock. I still have the original box of the screen, trowing with the luggage shouldn't be a problem.  Is this a good idea? Should I rather send it with DHL, Fedex, ...?  (secondary question) What would be the best airline and airport to travel with these electronics? 
38603	Boarding port Schengen visa	Can I use my Schengen visa from a country different from the country it was issued from?  I'm Egyptian and I live in qatar but I want to travel from Egypt. 
38604	Can I register more than one ID document for a flight ticket?	Earlier this year, I almost missed an international flight. I noticed that I was running late while I was still at work, and considered going from work straight to the airport. But I realized that my passport was at home, so had to go home, and then to the airport, which cost me lots of time. Boarding had already started when I finally reached the gate.   At work, I had my EU state ID on me, which would have been considered a valid travel document for this flight as well as in my destination country of Spain, but I had entered my passport number when booking the ticket, and was afraid I wouldn't be allowed to board with the other document.   To prevent such problems in the future, is it possible to buy plane tickets and give two alternative document numbers, for two different IDs of the same person? If yes, what does it depend on? (Airline, fare, etc.) 
38587	Long stay visa for study in France but enter Italy first?	Currently, I am a student in London. I am applying a long stay visa for study in France but I want to enter Italy first. Is it possible to do that and what are the documents I may need to submit to application?  I have filled the application form online, it did not ask me for the any proof for other destination or where will be the first entry country? 
38633	Is Iran safe to visit?	Is Iran safe to visit? Since Iraq shares its border with Iran, are there any signs or news of penetration of ISIS or ISIL or IS whatever you call them, inside Iran? Is it politically stable? And also, is it being attacked frequently by terrorists? In short, leaving behind pocket thieves, is it safe enough to spent 1 month in Iran? How much is probability of coming back alive. I belong to non-western country (i.e. India).  EDIT: I am narrowing down my question: Actually visit to Iran has aim of doing some machining repairing work at some company (not sure where it is, sorry). It might take up to 1 month. But some serious news show up in news mediums regarding Iraq about ISIS (or IS or ISIL). Also that terrorists from Iraq are spreading through the world and now they also have some impact over Syria so I want to know if there are same activities (specially from ISIS) in Iran.  
38650	Getting a Tourist visa after a Student visa	I did see a very similar question to this but it applied to working visas not student visas, but my situation is that I will be studying in France next year for 5-6 months using a student visa. Can I leave the Schengen zone after the end of my student visa, by travelling through the UK and Ireland and then re-enter the Schengen zone using a tourist visa to travel around France and surrounding countries again (only for three weeks). 
38651	Snow fall this Christmas near Hong Kong?	What is the nearest place from Hong Kong (within Mainland China) where one could see snowfall around Christmas? 
38665	Do I require a UK transit visa when travelling home from the US more than 6 months after last entering the US?	I am an Indian citizen, living in the US on a H1B. I am transiting through the UK. My bags will be checked through, I don't need to change airports, and all I need to do is change terminals in Heathrow, so I will not pass through immigration/border control. I am traveling to India.   Why do other questions on this site such as Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK? not answer my question?  Because I found an additional UK government document (see below) which appears to provide conflicting information to a UK government website. Any 'straight-from-the-horse's-mouth' experiences would be super valuable.  In trying to find out if I need a transit visa, I got the following list of conditions from the UK consulate website, meeting any of which would mean that I will not require a visa.   are travelling to Canada, New Zealand or the USA and have a valid visa for that country (does not apply) are travelling from Canada, New Zealand or the USA and it’s less than 6 months since you last entered that country with a valid entry visa (This is what my query is about, see below) are travelling to or from Australia and you have an Australian visa sticker in your passport - Australian e-visas and paper confirmation slips aren’t accepted by UK border control (does not apply) have a valid US permanent residence card issued on or after 21 April 1998 (or an I-797 extension letter issued by the Bureau of Citizenship if it’s expired) (I do have I-797, but I don't have a permanent residence card either expired or unexpired) have a valid Canadian permanent resident card issued on or after 28 June 2002 (does not apply) have a valid uniform format category D visa for entry to a state in the European Economic Area (EEA) (does not apply) have a valid uniform format residence permit issued by an EEA state (does not apply)   Now my query about 2) - I have a valid US visa, but its been more than 6 months since I last entered the country. So it appears that this shouldn't apply either. However, the rule seems absurd, since I can just go out of the country and come back (take a trip to Canada/Mexico etc), and that would make this rule applicable to me? So, I want to know if anyone here knows what is the interpretation of this rule in practice.  I found a PDF doc on the UK government website - https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/327281/UK_Visa_requirements_July_2014__2_.pdf.  This doc lists an additional rule to the ones above -     ..unless they are in possession of one of the following documents   b) a valid visa for entry to Australia, Canada, New Zealand or the United States of America and a valid airline ticket for travel via the United Kingdom as part of a journey from the country in respect of which the visa is held to another country or territory  The document was updated in July 2014, so is relatively recent. Now, I am thoroughly confused. 
38682	No surname in my passport	Surname field is blank in passport,my full name was in my given name so will that be a problem while applying for study visa to Australia?  My actual name  surname: Ganta given name: Dheeraj  In passport surname: given name: Ganta Dheeraj   Thanks in advance. 
38666	How many visas will this itinerary require?	I am an Indian citizen, living in the US on a H1B visa, have the following itinerary -   Going to India via London on December 24th, staying at the Heathrow airport for 3 hours. (Assume that if I weren't doing 2) below, this would require a transit visa).  Coming back to the US via London, but staying there for 3 days (January 23 - 26).   Now I'll need a general visitors visa for 2) above, but the eligibility criteria for that visa says that you are "not in transit to another country, except for Ireland, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands". So here are my questions -  a) Does that mean I need to apply for 2 UK visas - one for transit and one for the 3 day visit?  b) If the answer to the above is yes, do I need to make two biometric appointments to give the same information?   c) How do I send original documents in this case? I mean, I only have one original passport, so how exactly should I send it as part of independent applications?  
38686	Do you need driving license when renting scooter in Malaysia/Thailand?	I'm aware of IDP, but I've read that I don't need one as some companies rent the scooters just on the passport.  If it's so, what risk do I have renting a scooter when having non-IDP EU driving license (cat. B)?  In example when stopped by police, I'm driving illegally? If yes, I'm assuming also that in case of any accident, my travel insurance won’t cover any costs?  Or you don't need a driving license when driving a scooter under certain power output?  Does it make any difference if I'm on tourist island (such as Langkawi, Phuket, Ko Samui) far from the city? 
38686	Do you need driving license when renting scooter in Malaysia/Thailand?	I'm aware of IDP, but I've read that I don't need one as some companies rent the scooters just on the passport.  If it's so, what risk do I have renting a scooter when having non-IDP EU driving license (cat. B)?  In example when stopped by police, I'm driving illegally? If yes, I'm assuming also that in case of any accident, my travel insurance won’t cover any costs?  Or you don't need a driving license when driving a scooter under certain power output?  Does it make any difference if I'm on tourist island (such as Langkawi, Phuket, Ko Samui) far from the city? 
38685	How long does it take from Heathrow Airport to King's Cross Station, London?	I will be traveling through London on a Sunday. I'll be arriving at 1pm at Heathrow airport (Terminal 5).   My question is how long it takes by public transport from Heathrow to King's Cross station, because I need to catch a train there and I would like to book my train soon. Do you think it's gonna be very crowded?  I'm thinking on traveling with one backpack and a suitcase, will it be hard to get into the tube with these two pieces of luggage? Should I expect to take more time to cover the distance or the facilities are adapted to travelers? 
38706	Which are the non Schengen countries that allow entry from a Schengen country?	There are countries in the Balkan area that allow entry if you have a Schengen visa but am not able find a definite list of all those countries. Knowing that will save me getting a visa for all those countries when I do my mega Euro trip. 
38715	Daughter requires a transit visa through India	My daughter (dual English / South African citizenship) has traveled through India and is currently in Sri Lanka. She is flying to visit  me in the USA on the 12th of December. She has to fly from Colombo to Mumbai and then on to the USA. She had a single entry tourist visa for her travels through India.    My question is, will she be able to get a transit visa to fly out of Mumbai (I know there is a 2 month lapse before you can reapply for a tourist visa in India again) and how does she get it whilst travelling in Sri Lanka? 
38654	How bad is it to overstay my Schengen visa by 6 days?	I have a Schengen visa from Germany which says valid until 10/12/2014.  I landed in Germany today and to my surprise, the passport officer pointed out that my visa says stay allowed for 30 days only and I have already used 28 days in past visits. There is a section on my visa stamp which says "Duration of stay=30". But I wasn't aware or noticed this restriction before. My return flight is booked after 8 days so if I leave then, I will be overstaying by 6 days.  I was let in but advised to leave out of Schengen area by tomorrow.  Apart from the fact I will lose lot of money on my flight bookings, I came for a very urgent personal matter and I really need to stay for next 8 days here. I have read on forums that a few days overstay is fine.   Is it too risky to overstay by 6 days? I live and work in UK on a work visa. Will I have problem entering the UK? Do they verify if I have overstayed in a Schengen country? 
38750	Using a multiple-entry business Schengen visa for tourism	I am Indian and have a multiple entry Danish business visa and they have requested me to give the itinerary for 16 days even though I have applied for a multiple entry visa.  And do I need to apply for a tourist visa even after having a multiple-entry business visa? 
38754	Where might I find the best rates to exchange money in Glasgow?	I'm travelling to Glasgow and I am looking for the place with the best rates. I want to change EUR to GBP.  I've been searching on the Internet but I can't find  what is the best way to do it. Some people say that the better way to do this is to exchange the money directly at the Bank of Scotland. I've been looking for the exchange rates of the Bureaux but I didn't find them. 
38750	Using a multiple-entry business Schengen visa for tourism	I am Indian and have a multiple entry Danish business visa and they have requested me to give the itinerary for 16 days even though I have applied for a multiple entry visa.  And do I need to apply for a tourist visa even after having a multiple-entry business visa? 
38780	Travel to Ireland and the UK 3 weeks before passport expiration	My USA passport expires two weeks after my planned return from a one week trip. The trip starts in Chicago and lands in Dublin, Ireland we stay for three days and take a domestic flight to the UK. Will I have a problem at immigration? 
38784	Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? Part 2	i saw and analyses deeply this FAQ at Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? and i have one more doubt about the 90 days rule of the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) just to be completly clear (i know that this is a very FAQ but i still have my concerns) and i hope that someone can help me.  I'm from Chile and I'm Medical Doctor. I want to travel from Santiago de Chile to the US for 5 weeks then i want to go to Costa Rica for 4 weeks more and then return to the US for 8 weeks more.  I have my VWP active untill November 2016 and my concern is the situacion when i want to go back to the US because my ticket home to Chile will be more than 90 days, actually will be like 120 days!!! (counting from my first arrival to the US).  When i will go back to the US from Costa Rica, will my VWP reset?  I know that there is nothing that can insurance 100% that the CBP officer in the airport will give me the pass for my re-entry to the US but how can i lower the risk that he or she deny it? For example, my ticket home to Chile? My ticket itinerary and travels in Central America? My current contract as a Medical Doctor in Chile? Something more that can be useful?  In the worst case (that i don't hope it at all!) what are the consecuenques of being a VWP breaker? besides of, eventually, being deported...  Thanks so much in advance! 
38809	Traveling from Panama to Ecuador	How can I safely travel from Panama to Ecuador without flying?  I am bussing south through Mexico and Central America to Panama City, and wish to continue to Ecuador. 
38810	Map of ViaRail train stations in Canada	Is there a map of all stations served by ViaRail (passenger train carrier in Canada)? I could find a vague map of their main destinations, but I am looking for a more precise map.  I would like to know, in particular between Toronto and Ottawa, where the train stops and what community and attractions are nearby a station.  Is there a map/multiple maps showing the towns served by ViaRail stations? 
38807	Carrying two iPads (and other electronics) to India from USA	I will be taking two iPads (one iPad Air and one iPad Mini) to India from the USA. One of them I bought in India (I have the receipt) and one I bought while in the US. I am not carrying a laptop with me.    I am also carrying two Apple TV with me, inside my checked in luggage and maybe couple wristwatches as well.    Will there be any problem with customs in India?  
38845	only first name in passport and applying for H1B USA	I have all my educational documents with the name "Rakesh" and no last name/surname. I have the same name in Passport as well. Can this be a problem for US H1B Visa?? Can you guide me how to get this solved? If i somehow  get my name changed in Passport, i can't get my educational documents updated with Surname. Plz help. 
38844	Visiting software development companies in LA area/Silicon Valley	I'm a norwegian, headed for the 2015 CES show in Las Vegas in january. We're landing at LAX and we're renting a car. I'm VERY interested in software, hardware and everything that has to do with computers, phones, tablets, etc.  I was wondering if there was a few companies that develop software - for instance games, apps, desktop software, etc that there might be a chance we could visit?  I've been mailing Activision and DICE but I couldn't find an email address to Activision and DICE has yet to answer.  It would be of huge help if you can list the companies you know in LA, Silicon Valley or between those two. 
38855	Do Iranians need a transit visa at London Heathrow or Frankfurt airports?	I am an International student with Iranian nationality studying in Canada, I am traveling (as a visit) to Iran and I'll come back one month after; first from Montreal to London Heathrow with less than 24hrs of stay and I won't pass the transit salon, and then from London to Frankfurt again with less than 24hrs of stay and without passing the transit salon and finally from Frankfurt to Tehran; Do I need any transit visas for any of these countries? 
38844	Visiting software development companies in LA area/Silicon Valley	I'm a norwegian, headed for the 2015 CES show in Las Vegas in january. We're landing at LAX and we're renting a car. I'm VERY interested in software, hardware and everything that has to do with computers, phones, tablets, etc.  I was wondering if there was a few companies that develop software - for instance games, apps, desktop software, etc that there might be a chance we could visit?  I've been mailing Activision and DICE but I couldn't find an email address to Activision and DICE has yet to answer.  It would be of huge help if you can list the companies you know in LA, Silicon Valley or between those two. 
38856	Transit visa for Greece enroute to Israel for an Indian Citizen?	I am an Indian citizen travelling to Israel through Greece. My layover is about 11.5 hours.  Do I need a Greek transit visa? 
38860	In-transit Visa for Amsterdam enroute to British Virgin Islands (Filipino)?	I am a Filipino citizen holding a work permit Visa for the British Virgin Islands. I am travelling to the British Virgin Islands through Qatar before passing through Amsterdam. Do I need to have an in-transit visa for Amsterdam? 
38863	Indian Customs rules on laptops	I read this pdf document at the customs website regarding the customs guide for travellers. However I'm still confused about one thing: if I have 2 laptops on me, both of which are more than 6 months old, do they both count towards the 35,000 INR limit?  The pdf says "Used personal effects (excluding jewellery) required for satisfying daily necessities of life" are allowed for free. Would laptops come under that definition ?  Also, what proof of purchase is valid (to prove that they are 6 months old)? I don't have the receipts from when I got them. 
38873	Which are my options to find trip companions online?	I like independent trips so I avoid tours packages. But sometimes I need to find a trip companion or to make a small group in order to reduce expenses (i.e. rent a car) or to reduce risks (i.e. big trekking without guide).  The problem is that I can't find a website that join independent travellers. I use Couchsurfing website and ask in forums, so I'd like to know if there is any online resource specific for this topic.  NOTE: I've try to search "trip companion" in Google, but all first page results seems to take me to dating sites except the first one that takes to Lonely Planet forum. 
38873	Which are my options to find trip companions online?	I like independent trips so I avoid tours packages. But sometimes I need to find a trip companion or to make a small group in order to reduce expenses (i.e. rent a car) or to reduce risks (i.e. big trekking without guide).  The problem is that I can't find a website that join independent travellers. I use Couchsurfing website and ask in forums, so I'd like to know if there is any online resource specific for this topic.  NOTE: I've try to search "trip companion" in Google, but all first page results seems to take me to dating sites except the first one that takes to Lonely Planet forum. 
38890	change in the name of booked railway ticket	my mom has a railway ticket on 4th dec 2014 to rajasthan. now due to some reason she will not b e able to go so she wants me to go. now i have to change the name on the ticket booked  from the window.so pls help me....?where i should go for the name change? &amp; what all documents are required for showing over there...? and is it necessary that i have to go for the name change 24hrs before the journey....?or can i go now at any time for the name change......pls help 
38898	Is notarized consent letter from father is mandatory for mother to accompanying infant while traveling out side USA?	My wife is planning to travel our home Country(India) for a period of 4 months. We have 9 months old Son. He has Valid US passport and valid PIO(Person of Indian Origin) Card . I am aware if any one other than parents required notarized consent letter from parents to accompanying infant to travel out side USA.  What if one of parent is accompanying infant to travel outside USA? Does notarized consent letter from other parent is mandatory? 
38920	Carrying 3 phones thru Indian customs!	I'll be traveling to India soon. I have 2 un packed smart phones (1 of which is my personal), one is a gift (but unpacked) and the third one is my old phone from India. Do you think I'll have to pay any import duty? 
38933	Swiss - Airport transit visa for Indian nationals traveling from US to India?	I am a citizen of India currently working in USA on approved H-1B visa, however my F-1 visa stamp has expired and I am visiting India to get my H-1B visa stamp.  Since I will be flying through Zurich, Switzerland, would I need an airport transit visa?  Upon calling Swiss FDFA, I was told that India has been recently excluded from the list of countries whose residents require a transit visa.    If anyone have recently (after June'14) travelled from US to India with an expired US visa, please share your experiences.  It will be greatly appreciated.    
38938	How should an American citizen licensed to go to Cuba bring money?	If I am a U.S. citizen with a specific educational license to travel to Cuba for two months, how should I bring money?  I can't use any of my cards since they would not work in Cuba, and I don't want to bring American cash because it is devalued.  I could convert it to Euros, but I don't feel comfortable carrying a sum of cash large enough to last two months.  I could try to get an ATM card from a third country, but I don't want to raise suspicions that I'm laundering money or doing business with shady institutions.  How should I bring money to Cuba? 
38953	Can I simply bubble wrap a cardboard box and check it on a US domestic flight?	I wish to take a computer monitor with me on vacation. I possess the original cardboard box and the Styrofoam. Unfortunately I do not have a suitcase with the same dimensions. I was hoping that I could simply bubble wrap the cardboard box as if I was planning on throwing it over a cliff and then checking it.  Am I    able to do something this odd on a US domestic flight? I.e., will the airlines permit it? able to actually protect my monitor with reasonable assurance without a hard top suitcase surrounding the bubble wrap?   I noted this question where someone actually shipped a TV without any padding except for the Styrafoam successfully. Perhaps I'm not as brave and would like to bubble wrap it, but if the TSA needs to open it, surely they won't bubble wrap my package again. 
38956	Flights - Direct in one direction, but with at least 1 stopover on the other?	1. How can I search for this on my own? I've tried expedia.com, but when you select 1 or 2 stopovers, it assumes that both directions of your journey are either 1 or 2 stopovers.   2. Also, is this truly cheaper than direct flights in both directions?   3. Are there any better alternatives to this plan? Does One-way versus return airfare tickets imply that it's more expensive to buy 1 single-way for the outbound, then 1 single-way with a stopover for the inbound? 
38953	Can I simply bubble wrap a cardboard box and check it on a US domestic flight?	I wish to take a computer monitor with me on vacation. I possess the original cardboard box and the Styrofoam. Unfortunately I do not have a suitcase with the same dimensions. I was hoping that I could simply bubble wrap the cardboard box as if I was planning on throwing it over a cliff and then checking it.  Am I    able to do something this odd on a US domestic flight? I.e., will the airlines permit it? able to actually protect my monitor with reasonable assurance without a hard top suitcase surrounding the bubble wrap?   I noted this question where someone actually shipped a TV without any padding except for the Styrafoam successfully. Perhaps I'm not as brave and would like to bubble wrap it, but if the TSA needs to open it, surely they won't bubble wrap my package again. 
38964	Emirates International Flight and carry-on baggage. Can I take a laptop backpack in addition to the one carry-on bag?	I'm about to travel from ORD to DXB using emirates economy class. According to the website I am only allowed one carry-on bag weighing 15 lbs.  My first question is, do they actually weigh carry-on bags? I know on domestic flights I can take one carry-on and one personal bag which ends up being my laptop bag. Edit: From everyone's replies and doing a google search, yes they do weigh the carry-on.  However, with them explicitly stipulating I can only have one bag I'm not sure what to do. My carry-on itself weighs 10lbs! If i just add my laptop and camera im already over the limit.  Should I just try to fit as much as I can in backpack? Ideally I would want a carry-on for a jacket and camera and other things and then backpack for easy access to laptop/phone, etc.  On a side note: For checked baggage, is being over by 0.4kg going to cost me?  Edit: My main concern is, can I have a laptop backpack with just the laptop and a carry-on bag within weight limits with me? 
38964	Emirates International Flight and carry-on baggage. Can I take a laptop backpack in addition to the one carry-on bag?	I'm about to travel from ORD to DXB using emirates economy class. According to the website I am only allowed one carry-on bag weighing 15 lbs.  My first question is, do they actually weigh carry-on bags? I know on domestic flights I can take one carry-on and one personal bag which ends up being my laptop bag. Edit: From everyone's replies and doing a google search, yes they do weigh the carry-on.  However, with them explicitly stipulating I can only have one bag I'm not sure what to do. My carry-on itself weighs 10lbs! If i just add my laptop and camera im already over the limit.  Should I just try to fit as much as I can in backpack? Ideally I would want a carry-on for a jacket and camera and other things and then backpack for easy access to laptop/phone, etc.  On a side note: For checked baggage, is being over by 0.4kg going to cost me?  Edit: My main concern is, can I have a laptop backpack with just the laptop and a carry-on bag within weight limits with me? 
31610	Driving between Managua and San Juan del Sur, NIcaragua	Have heard police target foreigners and rental cars. Any tips for dealing with them? Suggestions/tactics for driving in Nicaragua? 
38429	Teletext Subtitles on Romanian Television	There is a teletext feature on the televisions in the hotel rooms. In England there was a way to get subtitles to appear by going to the teletext interface and entering 888. As far as I know this is no longer available.  In Romania, is there a special code you can enter into the teletext interface to enable subtitles? I've tried 888 but it doesn't do anything. 
38978	How to make Japanese friends while backpacking in Japan?	I'm planning to travel in Japan alone, but for me, the majority of the worth of the travel is in the socializations I make. Friends, conversations, and such. Tourist spots and popular sites are secondary to me.  I know a bit of Japanese. I can express myself, but I would hardly understand the locals barraging Japanese at me so I'd probably go ahead and say "Sorry, I didn't understand" in Japanese.   My question is, considering the Japanese culture, what is the best way for me, a foreigner, to go talk to some locals and meet some possible friends along the way?  Are there some kind of social spots in Japan where speaking with strangers is accepted? Bars, hostels, malls, or some kind of venue?  Are foreigners who barge in and talk to locals trying to have a conversation frowned upon? Of course I would know if the recipient of my socialization is not interested and I would stop, but in general, is it frowned upon in Japan?  It may seem like a nested question or something too broad, but basically, what I'm asking for is the best way to make friends in Japan considering their culture and how they deal with foreigners in general. 
38983	Difference between air fare for same route	Why there is huge difference in the air fare If booking in a single ticket and booking two ticket for the same route?  In my case:   Flying from New Delhi to Moscow (Aeroflot-Direct) 20000 INR then Moscow to Havana (Aeroflot-Direct) on a separate ticket costs 37000 INR – Total: 57000 INR. Now the same Aeroflot flight from New Delhi to Moscow and then Moscow to Havana in a single ticket costs 113000 INR.  
38983	Difference between air fare for same route	Why there is huge difference in the air fare If booking in a single ticket and booking two ticket for the same route?  In my case:   Flying from New Delhi to Moscow (Aeroflot-Direct) 20000 INR then Moscow to Havana (Aeroflot-Direct) on a separate ticket costs 37000 INR – Total: 57000 INR. Now the same Aeroflot flight from New Delhi to Moscow and then Moscow to Havana in a single ticket costs 113000 INR.  
38983	Difference between air fare for same route	Why there is huge difference in the air fare If booking in a single ticket and booking two ticket for the same route?  In my case:   Flying from New Delhi to Moscow (Aeroflot-Direct) 20000 INR then Moscow to Havana (Aeroflot-Direct) on a separate ticket costs 37000 INR – Total: 57000 INR. Now the same Aeroflot flight from New Delhi to Moscow and then Moscow to Havana in a single ticket costs 113000 INR.  
38983	Difference between air fare for same route	Why there is huge difference in the air fare If booking in a single ticket and booking two ticket for the same route?  In my case:   Flying from New Delhi to Moscow (Aeroflot-Direct) 20000 INR then Moscow to Havana (Aeroflot-Direct) on a separate ticket costs 37000 INR – Total: 57000 INR. Now the same Aeroflot flight from New Delhi to Moscow and then Moscow to Havana in a single ticket costs 113000 INR.  
38996	Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight?	I've seen some comments on 'hidden city' ticketing, but am not sure if what I'm considering falls under that description.  My original tickets were MKE-CLE-IAD and back IAD-CLE-MKE.  The airline (United) changed my tickets after confirmation -- no idea why -- they must have taken one of the legs out of their scheduled flights because I can't find it anymore.  So now they have me flying MKE-ORD-IAD and back IAD-ORD-MKE. I live midway between MKE and ORD and the only reason I chose to use MKE was because I need to be in Milwaukee the evening of my return.  So now if I use the full ticket, I'll arrive in Chicago at 2:32, sit around for 2 hours, and hope that the ORD-MKE flight stays on schedule so that I arrive at MKE at 5:30 as planned so I can attend the 7 PM event.     OR -- I can get picked up at ORD on arrival and be SURE of making it to the concert.  Not checking bags.  Is there any reason I couldn't do this?  I've paid for the ticket and don't expect any part of it refunded. 
38996	Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight?	I've seen some comments on 'hidden city' ticketing, but am not sure if what I'm considering falls under that description.  My original tickets were MKE-CLE-IAD and back IAD-CLE-MKE.  The airline (United) changed my tickets after confirmation -- no idea why -- they must have taken one of the legs out of their scheduled flights because I can't find it anymore.  So now they have me flying MKE-ORD-IAD and back IAD-ORD-MKE. I live midway between MKE and ORD and the only reason I chose to use MKE was because I need to be in Milwaukee the evening of my return.  So now if I use the full ticket, I'll arrive in Chicago at 2:32, sit around for 2 hours, and hope that the ORD-MKE flight stays on schedule so that I arrive at MKE at 5:30 as planned so I can attend the 7 PM event.     OR -- I can get picked up at ORD on arrival and be SURE of making it to the concert.  Not checking bags.  Is there any reason I couldn't do this?  I've paid for the ticket and don't expect any part of it refunded. 
38996	Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight?	I've seen some comments on 'hidden city' ticketing, but am not sure if what I'm considering falls under that description.  My original tickets were MKE-CLE-IAD and back IAD-CLE-MKE.  The airline (United) changed my tickets after confirmation -- no idea why -- they must have taken one of the legs out of their scheduled flights because I can't find it anymore.  So now they have me flying MKE-ORD-IAD and back IAD-ORD-MKE. I live midway between MKE and ORD and the only reason I chose to use MKE was because I need to be in Milwaukee the evening of my return.  So now if I use the full ticket, I'll arrive in Chicago at 2:32, sit around for 2 hours, and hope that the ORD-MKE flight stays on schedule so that I arrive at MKE at 5:30 as planned so I can attend the 7 PM event.     OR -- I can get picked up at ORD on arrival and be SURE of making it to the concert.  Not checking bags.  Is there any reason I couldn't do this?  I've paid for the ticket and don't expect any part of it refunded. 
38996	Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight?	I've seen some comments on 'hidden city' ticketing, but am not sure if what I'm considering falls under that description.  My original tickets were MKE-CLE-IAD and back IAD-CLE-MKE.  The airline (United) changed my tickets after confirmation -- no idea why -- they must have taken one of the legs out of their scheduled flights because I can't find it anymore.  So now they have me flying MKE-ORD-IAD and back IAD-ORD-MKE. I live midway between MKE and ORD and the only reason I chose to use MKE was because I need to be in Milwaukee the evening of my return.  So now if I use the full ticket, I'll arrive in Chicago at 2:32, sit around for 2 hours, and hope that the ORD-MKE flight stays on schedule so that I arrive at MKE at 5:30 as planned so I can attend the 7 PM event.     OR -- I can get picked up at ORD on arrival and be SURE of making it to the concert.  Not checking bags.  Is there any reason I couldn't do this?  I've paid for the ticket and don't expect any part of it refunded. 
31663	Changing baggage final destination - hidden-city ticketing	I found a very reasonable flight from MEM to HKG that goes through NRT for only $977. Most flights that go to NRT now from MEM are around $2000 these days. So, I was wondering if I took the MEM to HKG and HKG to MEM round-trip flight, then I could change my baggage final destination to NRT instead of HKG and leave the airport when I get to NRT. Once I leave Japan, I could check-in at NRT and then just use MEM as my final destination. Is that a successful itinerary? What issues would there be? This is on Delta. 
39014	What documents are required when travelling to the US under a B1/B2 visa?	I received a B1/B2 visa to US (in a country different from my nationality) Is the visa all I need, or do I need to show any other documents at the departing airport and/or the entry airport at the US?   
39014	What documents are required when travelling to the US under a B1/B2 visa?	I received a B1/B2 visa to US (in a country different from my nationality) Is the visa all I need, or do I need to show any other documents at the departing airport and/or the entry airport at the US?   
39026	Accessing Group Fare Concessions	We are a group of around 20 adults planning to travel from India to one of these three sets of countries for tourism purposes during Jan/Feb 2015.   Dubai / Abu Dhabi Singapore / Malaysia  Honk Kong / Macau    I am trying to find if there are ways to approach airlines directly for a group discounted fare, more like standard tips and tricks which may work, I am not specifically asking for the cheapest fares for a specific trip.  I also had a look at Can a group of people become a travel agent, with the purpose to get access to direct acess to professional travel resources? however that seemed to me as a recurring requirement for multiple travels, which is not our case.  I also had a look at http://www.tourradar.com/ suggested in Are there any tour group comparison websites? however, this site only compares tours without any airfare, while this is useful in our case, what I am asking for is primarily for the airfare.  I had a look at this Group Discounted Airfare, while tips provided there are useful to me, it doesn't answer my question fully . I am trying to find ways experienced flyers would access the best discount that airlines would be able to offer for such a group size.   My primary worry in approaching a local agent is any discount offered by airlines may be eaten away by them.  I am looking to learn from experienced travellers any generic / specific advice. We have many members who are not on full time employment and have all the time in the world to find the best suited travel (not only the cheapest) if there is path that we could follow.  
39026	Accessing Group Fare Concessions	We are a group of around 20 adults planning to travel from India to one of these three sets of countries for tourism purposes during Jan/Feb 2015.   Dubai / Abu Dhabi Singapore / Malaysia  Honk Kong / Macau    I am trying to find if there are ways to approach airlines directly for a group discounted fare, more like standard tips and tricks which may work, I am not specifically asking for the cheapest fares for a specific trip.  I also had a look at Can a group of people become a travel agent, with the purpose to get access to direct acess to professional travel resources? however that seemed to me as a recurring requirement for multiple travels, which is not our case.  I also had a look at http://www.tourradar.com/ suggested in Are there any tour group comparison websites? however, this site only compares tours without any airfare, while this is useful in our case, what I am asking for is primarily for the airfare.  I had a look at this Group Discounted Airfare, while tips provided there are useful to me, it doesn't answer my question fully . I am trying to find ways experienced flyers would access the best discount that airlines would be able to offer for such a group size.   My primary worry in approaching a local agent is any discount offered by airlines may be eaten away by them.  I am looking to learn from experienced travellers any generic / specific advice. We have many members who are not on full time employment and have all the time in the world to find the best suited travel (not only the cheapest) if there is path that we could follow.  
39026	Accessing Group Fare Concessions	We are a group of around 20 adults planning to travel from India to one of these three sets of countries for tourism purposes during Jan/Feb 2015.   Dubai / Abu Dhabi Singapore / Malaysia  Honk Kong / Macau    I am trying to find if there are ways to approach airlines directly for a group discounted fare, more like standard tips and tricks which may work, I am not specifically asking for the cheapest fares for a specific trip.  I also had a look at Can a group of people become a travel agent, with the purpose to get access to direct acess to professional travel resources? however that seemed to me as a recurring requirement for multiple travels, which is not our case.  I also had a look at http://www.tourradar.com/ suggested in Are there any tour group comparison websites? however, this site only compares tours without any airfare, while this is useful in our case, what I am asking for is primarily for the airfare.  I had a look at this Group Discounted Airfare, while tips provided there are useful to me, it doesn't answer my question fully . I am trying to find ways experienced flyers would access the best discount that airlines would be able to offer for such a group size.   My primary worry in approaching a local agent is any discount offered by airlines may be eaten away by them.  I am looking to learn from experienced travellers any generic / specific advice. We have many members who are not on full time employment and have all the time in the world to find the best suited travel (not only the cheapest) if there is path that we could follow.  
39021	Hard-case suitcase, that doesn't open at the side	I am looking for a hard-case, light-weight bag like the one pictured, however with a zipper on top (the yellow line) rather than at the side. This would allow to open the bag without using a lot of space as in the original layout.  Has anybody of you seen a bag like this or does somebody know where to buy something like this?   
39034	In the US, what is the difference between a national park and a national monument?	Apparently Craters of the Moon National Monument wants to become a National "Park" instead of a monument.  We know that a national forest is USDA vs. Interior, but what difference does it make if an area is a national monument instead of a national park?  Is there any legal difference in ownership, use, or rules? In a national park, for example, I am restricted to camping in designated spots only.  But in the national forests that surround it, I can usually boondock or do dispersed camping as I like.  Put another way, if I visit a national park, are there things I can't do if its only a monument, or vice versa? 
39034	In the US, what is the difference between a national park and a national monument?	Apparently Craters of the Moon National Monument wants to become a National "Park" instead of a monument.  We know that a national forest is USDA vs. Interior, but what difference does it make if an area is a national monument instead of a national park?  Is there any legal difference in ownership, use, or rules? In a national park, for example, I am restricted to camping in designated spots only.  But in the national forests that surround it, I can usually boondock or do dispersed camping as I like.  Put another way, if I visit a national park, are there things I can't do if its only a monument, or vice versa? 
39038	How to reach Goa from Delhi without any money	I am planning to go to Goa. The only catch is I have no money.  How can I manage to do this? Taking lifts from trucks comes to mind but I have no idea how to go about it? 
39042	Can you transit through Dubai airport when holding an Israeli passport?	Is it possible for an Israeli passport holder to transit through Dubai airport? Obviously assuming that the person stays air-side, has a connection on the same ticket, and the next flight leaves within the same day. 
39042	Can you transit through Dubai airport when holding an Israeli passport?	Is it possible for an Israeli passport holder to transit through Dubai airport? Obviously assuming that the person stays air-side, has a connection on the same ticket, and the next flight leaves within the same day. 
39039	Connecting flight through Dubai with an Israeli/Jewish name	I'm planning to travel from the UK to NZ in early 2015. The cheapest flights (Qantas) have a connection via Dubai.   I have more than one citizenship, so I can avoid using an Israeli passport (phew), but I'm still concerned that I might be stopped at some point due to my surname, "Yehudi", which literally translates to "Jew" in both Hebrew and Arabic. I'm not a religious Jew, but that's pretty much beside the point I should imagine.   Does anyone else with a markedly Jewish name have experience passing through Dubai, or does anyone know of cases when it may have been done safely? 
39047	PR of Canada travelling to Cincinnati, layover at Detroit on a B1/B2 visa	I am travelling to Cincinnati from Lester B Pearson Intl airport with a layover in Detroit. I have a B1/B2 visa. I am also a Canadian PR. Will I have to go through customs when I land in Detroit? If yes, my layover time is 48 mins. Is that enough time to finish going through customs and all other procedures?  Thanks in advance for the help!  
39072	How to best respond to a request to send a passport scan by unsecured email?	It is not uncommon for travel or holiday accommodation companies to ask for a scan of your passport by email. Sometimes local laws require them to keep a record of the passport numbers of all visitors. I'm happy to provide that information but you usually have to send it in an unsecured email, which may have consequences as discussed in another question.  Could these companies be more responsible, and provide a public cryptographic key at least?  Are there other steps you should take to protect yourself, if you do send by unsecured email? 
39096	Eating cat meat as a tourist in Switzerland	I've read that cat meat is eaten in Switzerland.  Stop eating cats and dogs say animal rights campaigners in Switzerland cites an animal rights activist saying that it's not legal to sell cat meat (presumably it's talking about uncooked meat), but it's legal to eat your own.  Are there restaurants in Switzerland where I could still eat cat meat? Examples appreciated. 
39069	Do I need a transit visa travelling from London via Canada to the Dominican Republic?	I've got a Pakistani passport and a valid student visa for England. I'm going to travel to the Dominican Republic with a stay of 17 hours at a Canadian airport. Do I need a transit visa? 
39113	What is the average & max temperature of an airplane cargo hold?	I want to take some chocolates to offer in my luggage. Chocolates are a bit sensitive to heat, though. What is the average temperature inside a cargo hold? 'Average by' itself can be misleading. What is the max temperature there?  I don't know much about airplane mechanics but I assume they have some cooling systems like any other engine. Such systems, depending on where they are placed, might influence temperature in the cargo hold. I also fear temperatures in the ground while exterior temperatures are higher, and luggage is being put inside. What are max temperatures near the airplane in such situation? 
39138	Can I stay longer than my visa states?	I'm a South African citizen travelling to Poland. When I applied for my Schengen visa I stated that I would only be in the country for 21 days. According to Polish Embassy a 'C' type Schengen visa allows you to stay for 90 days. After I applied for visa I decided to extend my holiday for extra 6 days. Not knowing that it would be a problem. I received my visa and it says I have to leave the country before my extended date.    Will there be a problem if I stay an extra 6-7 days? 
39166	International transit through Istanbul, and passport validity	I am a British citizen travelling from Dubai to Stansted with a stop in Istanbul. I will have 5 months validity on passport. Will this be acceptable. I am not leaving the airport.  
39172	Will I have to pay import duty if I carry 2 I phone 6 with me (in my pockets) to India?	I am travelling from USA to India (Mumbai) and I am planning to bring 2 Iphones. 1 is for my personal use and other a gift for my brother. I am going to bring both the phones unpacked with me in my pocket. Will I be charged custom duty for these?  Thank you 
39168	Returning to UK on the same Business visitor visa	I was granted a 6 months business visitor visa to go to the UK last November and finalize my job interview process with a prospect employer located in London (they covered all the trip expenses). Unfortunately the interview did not go well and I returned back to my home country Tunisia 2 days after my arrival, which is the stay duration I declared in my application .  I'm currently thinking of restarting an online job search in the UK and eventually schedule a few more interviews onsite, but I'm wondering if I can reuse the same business visa for the matter, given it's a C-VISIT-BUSINESS visa, multiple entry, and it expires in April 2015, and if that's possible am-I allowed to stay for, let's say 1 month period of time, and seek job sponsors from there.  Note that in my application I did not mention any intention of eventually returning back to look for a job with other employers. I just gave details about the company that sponsored my trip, and assumed things will just go well with them.  PS: I'm aware I'm not allowed to work with my business visa, I just intend to use it to attend job interviews onsite.  Also in case this could be of any meaning, a border officer stamped on my visa when I arrived to the UK.  Thanks in advance! 
39184	Travel with a passport and a US travel document	I've been living in the USA for 1 year but I'm not a citizen and I don't have a USA passport, I just have a Travel document. It means I can come back to the USA again, also I have my own country's passport. I can't enter my country with the US travel document.  I want to leave the USA with that travel document and show it when entering Turkey. From there I will travel to another country with another passport. Is it possible? This passport doesn't have the entry stamp.  After a few days I will be back in Turkey with same passport that I used to leave Turkey and with travel document will move to the USA. 
39177	Returning to the US after a 90-day VWP stay	If I go to the US for 90 days on an ESTA, then go back to Norway for say 3-4 weeks, can I then go back to the US for another 90 days? 
39189	Facebook datacenter location	Me and my father are headed to LA, Las Vegas and Silicon Valley 3-8 january, 2015 to attend CES in Las Vegas. We're travelling to Silicon Valley to explore it and see if we can see the big company buildings. Do any of you know the location of the Facebook datacenter there? Is it possible to get there to see it from the outside? (possibly a short visit to the inside??)  Thanks! 
39189	Facebook datacenter location	Me and my father are headed to LA, Las Vegas and Silicon Valley 3-8 january, 2015 to attend CES in Las Vegas. We're travelling to Silicon Valley to explore it and see if we can see the big company buildings. Do any of you know the location of the Facebook datacenter there? Is it possible to get there to see it from the outside? (possibly a short visit to the inside??)  Thanks! 
39190	What is the best passport for traveling?	Which country's passport is the best for traveling? I mean no need visa to enter, allowed time to stay without visa, etc. 
39182	Central districts in London?	I'm about to book accommodation for London but don't want to travel 2 hours to the city center. Can you tell me which part is the city center and bars/clubs? Such a question could have been found after some googling but when I type google Central Station London, I assume city center should be where the central station is :) but it directs me to a gay bar... Im grateful for your insider tips! 
39100	How do I cross US-Canada border while my (US) passport is being renewed?	I'm getting ready to renew my US passport for the first time.  Since I got this passport the ID requirements at the US-Canada border have gotten stricter, so I've been using my passport when driving across that border.  I have no current international travel plans within the renewal window, but I have relatives in Canada and one never knows when a family emergency might occur, especially with older relatives.  Renewing the passport requires temporarily surrendering the current (still-valid) one.  A little Googling tells me that I wouldn't be able to cross this border (in both directions) with an expired passport at all, so waiting doesn't help.  How do I retain my ability to drive to Canada and back home while my passport renewal is being processed?  I don't have an "enhanced" driver's license (whatever that is).  I do have a copy of my birth certificate.  My only citizenship is US. 
39206	What's the best way to find cheap flight tickets from any place from a set of places to any place in another set of places?	For example, how do I find the cheapest tickets from any place in India to any place in either of England, Germany, Netherlands, Spain. Hope the questions makes sense? 
39208	Time of checkout and payment at hotels	This is a very generic question regarding hotel checkout times and rent payment. Hotel websites usually list their rooms' price range based on how many nights the guest will be staying there. So if I were to check-in at about 5'o clock in the morning and vacate at 4 in the afternoon on the very next day, for how many days do I have to pay the rent for?  I am currently assuming this counts as 2 days, but I am not sure. Since I have to book it online, I must choose the number of days before paying (1 day is expensive enough). Is there a commonly expected check-out time for hotels? Please don't ask me where I will be staying - like I mentioned, this is a very generic question.  I called the reception, but I didn't get what they said (tough accent). There is no time for email either.     Check-in   December 01, 05:00 AM   Checkout   December 02, 04:00 PM  
39212	I am an American with a US passport.I have a 15 hour layover in Paris.	I am an American with a US passport.I have a 15 hour layover in Paris. Can I leave the aiport to tour the city? Do I need a visa? 
39215	Non-owner car liability insurance companies in the US	I am going to rent a car for four days in the US (Colorado) and I need liability insurance. I am European and I don't own any car, so I don't have any liability insurance. My credit card covers CDW and LDW.  I can hire the liability insurance at the counter of the rental company, but I guess it is not cheap. Is there any company that offers this insurance for rental cars for some days only?   After some time searching the Internet I could only find Geico and Progressive, but they offer it for a full year. 
39223	Travelling from USA to India. How do I deal with customs?	I am about to go to India on vacation from USA. I have an iphone 6 as well as another phone that I bought from India itself. Would I be facing any issues regarding customs? I have heard something about declaring your stuff that you bought from India itself but I don't know how it works. Also is there a way that I can fit in another iphone without any problem? 
38714	UK General visitor visa refusal!	I've submitted an application to visit my unmarried partner in the UK during Christmas and the Embassy turned it down. My partner is British and I have Sudanese passport.    Entery clearance officer turned down my application because I don't have previous travel history to the UK or any other country with similar immigration system and cash deposit I have made before submitting my application. Regarding the money that he commented on it was a commission that received from work and I didn't submit any evidence where this money came from according to the entry clearance officer.    Can I re-apply for entry clearance again anytime soon? And how to avoid the refusal next time? 
39242	Travel time from Heathrow to King's Cross	What's the travel time, by tube, from Heathrow to King's Cross Station in London and how often does the tube run between those locations? 
39261	Why my U.S. B1 Visa got refused under 214 (b)?	I went for B1 U.S. Visa at the U.S. Embassy in Delhi.   Interviewer: *Good Morning*. Me: *Good Morning* Interviewer: *What is your designation?* Me: *I am a Software Engineer.* Interviewer: *What is the name of your company?* Me: *It is XXX (I replied).* Interviewer: *What is the name of your client?* Me: *It is YYY (I replied).* Interviewer: *Have you ever been to U.S. before?* Me: *NO* Interviewer: *Have you ever been abroad before?* Me: *NO*   At this point he rejected my Visa with letter mentioning 214 (b) as the reason. I don't know why he actually rejected it.  But, I have decent 2+ years of experience with my company. And, I was going on a business meeting with the client. I would have come back after 2 weeks.  I don't know if re applying will help. 
39283	Transit Visa in the UK?	A friend from Jamaica is visiting me in Nigeria. He has a valid US visa. His return flight is from Lagos to London Heathrow, and then London Gatwick to Kingston, all on British Airways. He will be transiting within 6 hours. Does he need a transit visa for this? Thank You 
39293	What's a better way to find flights when cost is important and schedule is not?	How can I do a &quot;broad&quot; search for flights? is pretty broad, but not broad enough.  Rome2Rio.com (example) says I can go from FSM to MAD for $340 US but refuses to tell me date or airline.  matrix.itasoftware.com says that if I can tolerate 150+ ground miles at either end, the cheapest thing in the next six months is $1761.  skyscanner.net offers tons of options, then gives me an empty calendar on which I must pick a single day.  Most sites demand you at least know the week and won't define "nearby."  I said FSM to MAD only because that's what Rome2Rio said was cheapest.  I have plenty of time and can easily use many other airports.  Maybe Rome2Rio is lying—it always says that ITA is cheating me. 
39300	Transit visa for Paris or Amsterdam	I have a passport from Afghanistan with a Canadian visa in it. Do I need a transit visa in Paris or Amsterdam? 
39293	What's a better way to find flights when cost is important and schedule is not?	How can I do a &quot;broad&quot; search for flights? is pretty broad, but not broad enough.  Rome2Rio.com (example) says I can go from FSM to MAD for $340 US but refuses to tell me date or airline.  matrix.itasoftware.com says that if I can tolerate 150+ ground miles at either end, the cheapest thing in the next six months is $1761.  skyscanner.net offers tons of options, then gives me an empty calendar on which I must pick a single day.  Most sites demand you at least know the week and won't define "nearby."  I said FSM to MAD only because that's what Rome2Rio said was cheapest.  I have plenty of time and can easily use many other airports.  Maybe Rome2Rio is lying—it always says that ITA is cheating me. 
39293	What's a better way to find flights when cost is important and schedule is not?	How can I do a &quot;broad&quot; search for flights? is pretty broad, but not broad enough.  Rome2Rio.com (example) says I can go from FSM to MAD for $340 US but refuses to tell me date or airline.  matrix.itasoftware.com says that if I can tolerate 150+ ground miles at either end, the cheapest thing in the next six months is $1761.  skyscanner.net offers tons of options, then gives me an empty calendar on which I must pick a single day.  Most sites demand you at least know the week and won't define "nearby."  I said FSM to MAD only because that's what Rome2Rio said was cheapest.  I have plenty of time and can easily use many other airports.  Maybe Rome2Rio is lying—it always says that ITA is cheating me. 
39314	Query on visa validity	My old passport is in my maiden name and has already expired. My B1/B2 visa to travel to United States is still valid but is stamped in my old passport with my maiden name.   My new passport has my new name (old name got changed after marriage) but has details (like old passport number, father and mother's name) related to my old passport.    Will I be allowed to travel to US as long as I carry the my old as well as new passport?  Or Do I need to again get the visa stamped on my new passport? 
39316	Can I bring meat pies in my checked-in bags?	I am going back to the Philippines for a short vacation and I was wondering if I could bring some meat pies from Australia.  I will be flying with Malaysia Airlines.  I have two questions :   Does Malaysia Airlines allow bringing food in the checked-in baggage? Will my food spoil or anything due to temperature, pressure, or whatever possible reason during flight?   
39324	Exchanging Euro to CZK in Prague	I'm going to Prague and I'll take some Euros with me, which I intend to convert to CZK.  Should I expect it would be easy to find a Currency Exchange point, for example on central bus station or train station? Are they generally good visible or hard to spot?  I wonder if I should 'prepare' and find some Exchange Points in internet, or I can expect to go there and find one without any problems?  Just another point, do exchange points offer much better exchange rates than banks in general? Or I could, with the same effect, use the ATM (I have a polish card for ATMs).  
39324	Exchanging Euro to CZK in Prague	I'm going to Prague and I'll take some Euros with me, which I intend to convert to CZK.  Should I expect it would be easy to find a Currency Exchange point, for example on central bus station or train station? Are they generally good visible or hard to spot?  I wonder if I should 'prepare' and find some Exchange Points in internet, or I can expect to go there and find one without any problems?  Just another point, do exchange points offer much better exchange rates than banks in general? Or I could, with the same effect, use the ATM (I have a polish card for ATMs).  
39330	Can I get citizenship and passport while in the EU without expiring visa?	Currently in the process of applying for an Italian citizenship. We're having trouble because it seems there is a fault in the system and we have no way to know if we're registed or not, if it got there or not, etc. Seems like the Méxican embassy is not very well organized.  We want to have our citizenship and passport before we travel to Switzerland because it is our understanding that if we enter without an EU passport then we'd have to come out and back in after we get our EU passport in order to not expire the visa.  I was wondering if it'd be possible to go in with a Méxican passport (i.e. use the visa), get the citizenship and passport from Italy directly and stay inside the EU without having to come out and back in.  From what I understand this would mean that in Switzerland's records we went into Switzerland with a visa and we stayed that way. Unless we went out and in again from the EU with our EU passport.  Is my question clear or did I not explain it well?  Edit:  Our plan is to stay in Switzerland for more than 3 months, which is the visa period we get AFAIK, after which we gotta stay outside of the EU for another 90 days.  What we want to avoid is having to pay a flight(s) in order to get in and out of the EU in order to say that we're not going in with a visa. 
39342	I wasn't allowed to travel internationally because of Transit Visa! Is it a legit reason for not using my tickets?	On November 28th, 2014, in Moscow, the airport Domodedovo, I had my valid ticket to the U.S. going through Moscow-Frankfurt = Frankfurt-Toronto = Toronto-Minneapolis, MN. I hold a F-1  U.S. visa, and am a citizen of Tajikistan. When I came to the check-in counter, handed my passport to the representatives to print me my boarding pass and check my luggage in, they told me I needed a transit visa transiting through Canada, not going through Germany, therefore they did not check me in nor gave me my boarding pass. I checked Canadian embassy whether I needed a transit visa it says YES. below is the snapshot:     Then I tried calling the Canadian consulate in Moscow but there wasn't anyone assisting visa questions. I tried calling the ticketing agency I purchased the ticket from but they weren't any helpful in rebooking different tickets using the same airline before my departure time. At the end I was forced to buy new tickets to fly to the U.S. My questions or was my ticketing agency supposed totl inform me via email to get a transit visa? Was it a legit reason for the representative at a check-in counter in Moscow not allowing me to use my ticket? Would I have a good reason to claim a report for some kind of refund saying the agency didn't inform me I needed a transit visa? Or is it always up to the travelers to know they need it?   Thanks! I'm just a full-time student and spending extra $650 is just too much for just not knowing about this Canadian transit visa.  
39367	Can I check-in a 203 cm suitcase on a flight that starts with Japan Airlines and ends with Air France?	I bought flight tickets from Air France to travel from Israel to Japan and back. On the flight back, the first leg (Tokyo Narita  Paris CDG) is operated by Japan Airlines, then the second leg (Paris CDG  Israel BG) is operated by Air France.  Both companies have different baggage rules. JAL allows 2 checked baggages per person, with a total linear dimension of 203 cm, while AF allows 1 checked baggage per person, with a total linear dimension of 158.  When I check my reservation details on the AF site, it simply says that I'm allowed 2 checked baggage items on the flight back, so I don't suppose the number of suitcases will be a problem. But I am worried about the dimensions - 203 cm is quite a bit larger than 158 cm. If I check in a 203 cm suitcase in Tokyo, will it cause problems when they transfer it to the AF plane? 
39389	Does the 180 cycle start on next day hit 180 or can it start your next trip	I have traveled back and forth to Germany several times from America staying within the 90/180 rule ... this is my BIG IMPORTANT question ....   When you finish one 180 cycle - does it start over again the day after you end 180 days on the calendar OR DOES IT START WHEN YOUR NEXT TRIP STARTS!!  Let's say you have done your 90 in and 90 out with a few days back in the US or even weeks or a month ... will you get to start anew 180 cycle the FIRST DAY OF YOUR NEXT TRIP?? 
39388	Traveling to Brazil on different passports	I am a new US citizen and need to use my US passport to travel to Brazil since I need to show proof of residency and I no longer have my green card that goes with my Cyprus passport. However, I can enter Brazil visa-free with my Cyprus passport and would like to be able to do that rather than getting a visa on my US passport.  My question: Can I depart the US with my US passport and enter Brazil with my Cyprus passport? Or, will the US airline agents demand to see a visa if I'm using the US passport? Will they be OK if I tell them I'm using the Cyprus passport to enter Brazil?  I'd appreciate your help in figuring this out. Thanks much! Stephan 
39388	Traveling to Brazil on different passports	I am a new US citizen and need to use my US passport to travel to Brazil since I need to show proof of residency and I no longer have my green card that goes with my Cyprus passport. However, I can enter Brazil visa-free with my Cyprus passport and would like to be able to do that rather than getting a visa on my US passport.  My question: Can I depart the US with my US passport and enter Brazil with my Cyprus passport? Or, will the US airline agents demand to see a visa if I'm using the US passport? Will they be OK if I tell them I'm using the Cyprus passport to enter Brazil?  I'd appreciate your help in figuring this out. Thanks much! Stephan 
39388	Traveling to Brazil on different passports	I am a new US citizen and need to use my US passport to travel to Brazil since I need to show proof of residency and I no longer have my green card that goes with my Cyprus passport. However, I can enter Brazil visa-free with my Cyprus passport and would like to be able to do that rather than getting a visa on my US passport.  My question: Can I depart the US with my US passport and enter Brazil with my Cyprus passport? Or, will the US airline agents demand to see a visa if I'm using the US passport? Will they be OK if I tell them I'm using the Cyprus passport to enter Brazil?  I'd appreciate your help in figuring this out. Thanks much! Stephan 
39375	Can you use vapes/e-cigs in Seattle airport or on a flight?	I'm a smoker, and I'm sure as many smokers know its hard to sometimes go along time without having one. I'm going to Seattle airport then from Seattle I stop in San Francisco and then from San Francisco to Oklahoma. On flights or in the air ports is it possible to use a vape or e-cigs?  
39375	Can you use vapes/e-cigs in Seattle airport or on a flight?	I'm a smoker, and I'm sure as many smokers know its hard to sometimes go along time without having one. I'm going to Seattle airport then from Seattle I stop in San Francisco and then from San Francisco to Oklahoma. On flights or in the air ports is it possible to use a vape or e-cigs?  
30912	Name change with Indian Tourist Visa on old Passport	I have an old U.S. passport in my maiden name and valid Indian tourist visa.  I have now new U.S. passport with my new name.  Can I travel with both passports and name change certificate and be okay? or do I have to obtain a transfer of visa? 
39390	Japanese homestay gifts?	I am an American and I will be going to Japan for a study abroad program to Japan. I will be having 3 host families. I want to give gifts to my host Families and I am having trouble coming up with ideas  do you have any ideas. what are some ideas you have? 
39376	Whats the size limit of a person to be able to fly on a specific flight?	My mother is flying with United Airlines, and she is about 400 pounds, but looks maybe 350 or so. She will be taking flights:  Airbus A320: seat 7C Canadair Regional jet 700: seat 18B Bombardier Q400: seat 7b Boeing 737-900: seat 8D  I haven't flown for awhile and I just want to make sure my mother isn't embarrassed if she was to go to the airport, and they told her she needed to buy a second seat, because in reality I wouldn't want anyone to go through that because well its embarrassing. So I guess my big question is: Do you think she would fit fine, maybe not comfortable but fine, or do you think she might have some issues? 
39435	Staying in Europe (Schengen and non-Schengen) for one year	I am an Indonesian passport holder. I have a multiple entry Schengen visa, duration of stay: 90 days, valid for 2 years, issued by the Dutch embassy on November 2014 (valid until November 2016). I will be staying in the Netherlands for 90 days starting on 1 January 2015 and ending on 31 March 2015.   My question is: can I spend 90 days in Romania/Croatia/Serbia/Bulgaria for 90 days starting from 1 April 2015 until 30 June 2015 using my existing Schengen visa? I will then fly back to the Netherlands on 1 July 2015 until 30 September 2015.  My aim is to stay in Europe for one whole year in 2015:   90 days in the Netherlands (January, February and March) 90 days in either Romania or Croatia (April, May and June) 90 days in the Netherlands again (July, August and September) 90 days in either Serbia or Bulgaria (October, November and December)  
39435	Staying in Europe (Schengen and non-Schengen) for one year	I am an Indonesian passport holder. I have a multiple entry Schengen visa, duration of stay: 90 days, valid for 2 years, issued by the Dutch embassy on November 2014 (valid until November 2016). I will be staying in the Netherlands for 90 days starting on 1 January 2015 and ending on 31 March 2015.   My question is: can I spend 90 days in Romania/Croatia/Serbia/Bulgaria for 90 days starting from 1 April 2015 until 30 June 2015 using my existing Schengen visa? I will then fly back to the Netherlands on 1 July 2015 until 30 September 2015.  My aim is to stay in Europe for one whole year in 2015:   90 days in the Netherlands (January, February and March) 90 days in either Romania or Croatia (April, May and June) 90 days in the Netherlands again (July, August and September) 90 days in either Serbia or Bulgaria (October, November and December)  
39441	Exchange Euros to Pounds before or after arriving in UK	I'm going to travel from Faro, Portugal to Edimburgh in the UK. Can I get better rates in exchanging Euro to Pounds here in Portugal, before travelling or would it be better to do it in Scotland when I arrive? 
39444	Late Night Ground Transportation from El Calafate to Puerto Natales / Torres del Paine	A few friends and I were hoping to visit Patagonia this January.  We will be flying in to El Calafate at 6:30 PM on a Monday, and hoping to get to Torres del Paine as quickly as possible.  I'm wondering if there is an overnight bus service from El Calafate to Puerto Natales or, even better, Torres del Paine.  I've read that a lot of people arrange for private ground transportation (i.e. a private coach hire). If so, what are the companies and how are people making these bookings? 
39468	At which embassy should I apply for a Schengen visa when staying a few days in several countries?	I'm planning to go to Germany on Sept 6-8, then Netherlands on Sept 8-11 and exit Switzerland on Sept 11-14.  My question is:  Which embassy do I need to apply for the Schengen visa? The number of days are the same for Netherlands and Switzerland, but I'm planning to apply in Netherlands since it will be my second point of entry. 
39487	Best way to obtain Canadian Dollars traveling from the US	I'm travelling from Los Angeles to Canada. I need a few hundred Canadian dollars in cash. What is the best option (minimum rates + processing fees)? As I see it I have 3 options:  1) Get cash from the LA area. Sounds like the best option but I have a time constraint: it is hard to find a place that does this on Sunday. Any suggestions? Does Western Union do this?  2) Get cash at LAX or the Canadian airport during travel  3) Use the ATMs of Bank of America's affiliates in Canada (Scotiabank ABMs)  I have a Bank of America account. I would prefer avoiding option 3. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks. 
39508	Day trips from Addis Ababa with public transport. Is it possible?	I was wondering if there are some nice day trips departing from Addis Ababa. I prefer to use any kind of public transport other than agencies or another kind of tranport. 
39503	HK airport DFS prices	Is it possible to check online duty free prices for alcohol in Hong Kong? I am visiting to Honkong and I like to buy whisky from a duty free shop. 
39532	Do i need a Schengen transit Visa?	I am travelling form Houston (USA) to Delhi (INDIA), via Germany. I have two stops first in Frankfurt and second in Munich. Both the stops are one hour each.  Will i need a Schengen transit Visa?   I have a Indian passport and valid F1 visa. 
39532	Do i need a Schengen transit Visa?	I am travelling form Houston (USA) to Delhi (INDIA), via Germany. I have two stops first in Frankfurt and second in Munich. Both the stops are one hour each.  Will i need a Schengen transit Visa?   I have a Indian passport and valid F1 visa. 
39536	City in which Norwegian Santa lives	I'm no expert in Scandinavian languages (Norwegian and such) but I've been wondering where actually does their Santa (Julenissen) live (city)? I've been able to find ambiguous answers on this matter over the Internet in English language that mentioned cities like Oslo, Bergen, Drobak, Svalen and Trondheim. Maybe someone can deliver me with proper information? That would give me some clue on planning my trip. 
39545	Can I travel to France with my wife who does not have a visa?	Can I travel to France with my wife and child? I have a British passport and so does our daughter, however my wife has a UK stateless travel document. We are looking to travel this Christmas to her parents' house, because they have not seen the child yet.    Can we travel without a visa for my wife with her UK stateless travel document? 
39552	Best way to spend 36 hours in Dresden	I am in Dresden this December for a day and a few hours. I would like suggestions on the absolute must-sees for me in this timeframe, and also a relatively good location to book a hotel. Ideally would like it to be a location with public transport nearby (I don't fancy trudging about for long in the cold).  I would be interested mainly in the historical buildings, not interested in malls. Since it is around Christmas, any Christmas special places would be good. 
8738	How to travel if you are stateless?	After reading this question few questions popped up in my head. I know what a stateless person is after I read this wikipedia page but I could not find how do stateless people travel? if stateless people have no nationality then logically they have no passport.. if they do not have passport how do stateless people travel?  
39551	Travelling from Leipzig to Strasbourg	I am planning to travel to Strasbourg, France from Leipzig, Germany. I haven't found any routes without a huge number of stopovers enroute. I  am open to traveling by bus, train or flight as long as it cheap(ish) I am also ok with the Berlin-Strasbourg route, if there is one.  Can anyone suggest a travel plan  for this? 
39551	Travelling from Leipzig to Strasbourg	I am planning to travel to Strasbourg, France from Leipzig, Germany. I haven't found any routes without a huge number of stopovers enroute. I  am open to traveling by bus, train or flight as long as it cheap(ish) I am also ok with the Berlin-Strasbourg route, if there is one.  Can anyone suggest a travel plan  for this? 
39551	Travelling from Leipzig to Strasbourg	I am planning to travel to Strasbourg, France from Leipzig, Germany. I haven't found any routes without a huge number of stopovers enroute. I  am open to traveling by bus, train or flight as long as it cheap(ish) I am also ok with the Berlin-Strasbourg route, if there is one.  Can anyone suggest a travel plan  for this? 
39551	Travelling from Leipzig to Strasbourg	I am planning to travel to Strasbourg, France from Leipzig, Germany. I haven't found any routes without a huge number of stopovers enroute. I  am open to traveling by bus, train or flight as long as it cheap(ish) I am also ok with the Berlin-Strasbourg route, if there is one.  Can anyone suggest a travel plan  for this? 
39547	Why are there two security checks in Cairo airport?	I was recently in Cairo Airport where I was in transit. To go from arrivals to departures I had to go through a security check. I thought arrivals was considered a secure area, but well, security is never enough, I can understand. After that, preparing for the connecting flight, I got some water and relaxed. I am always a bit anxious while I don't go through security. Only after that I relax and I feel that I will be able to get the plain (don't ask me why).  Surprise, surprise... When I got to the gate I had to go through a new security check. They actually check before boarding.  That meant going all over the process again and throwing away the water. As I was not expecting it, I arrived 20 min. before the gate closed. I had the feeling that if I was a few minute delayed I would miss the flight as they do this procedure some time in advance and close the area.  Why do they have 2 security checks? I've never seen this before. is this procedure common in other airports? 
39581	What happens if the visa label page gets torn from passport?	I am with a Sri lankan passport, and I received my visa a few weeks back. Today, my sister tore the page of the visa label, I have the page with me and my passport. I'm freaked out. But the torn page, the visa label is still there full thanksfully, what I mean is that the visa label is not damaged. Can I still travel with that ?  
39588	Can I, being under 21, hire a car in California?	I'll stay in the US next year for about three months. As I know I can't do much without a car I'd like to hire one. But most rentals are for people over 21 only and I'll only be 19 by then.    Is there another possibility to be mobile around San Francisco Bay Area (hopefully including Santa Cruz Beach)? 
39595	Can I carry my laptop, ps4, 3 iphones and a spare phone to India from US?	Im a student in USA, and I am carrying my laptop, my ps4 and 3 iphones which are opened. Will there be any problem at the customs in India? 
39567	Historic flight altitude data?	I am working on a project for school, and I am trying to find past flight data concerning the altitude of the aircraft over the duration of the flight. This will then be used to identify contrails in a Landsat image.   I can find past departures and arrivals easy enough, and Flight Aware keeps a record of altitude for flights from the past 7 days, but I'm looking for flights possibly back to a year in the past. Is it possible to get this information? Of course, the source has to be official and stand up to legal scrutiny. 
39609	Exchange old Samoan currency outside of Samoa	I have a relatively large amount of Samoan Tala left from a journey in 2007. However, as they got new bills since then no bank in New Zealand wants to exchange it. I tried ASB, travelex and several exchange offices. I also wrote to the Samoan National Bank but didn't get an answer yet. Does anyone of you have an idea how I could exchange the money without going to Samoa?  I am currently in New Zealand and my Plan B is to try and find someone who is going to Samoa and willing to buy old currency from a stranger, but I'd rather find an easier way.  
39618	Is there a way to spend a night at Paris CDG airport?	I have a connecting flight on Air France from Paris CDG to Toulouse at 8:30 on Saturday whereas my original flight from my home country lands at 19:00 hours at Paris on Friday. This means that I would be left with a little more than 12 hours at the airport but since it would be evening, joining the hop-on/off tour of Paris doesn't seem like a viable option to kill time.     Owing to night-flying restrictions, I had observed that German airports tend to seem quite desolate at night and I am unsure whether the situation is similar in France as well. Hence, I was wondering if it would be possible at all to spend the night at CDG airport without boring myself to death, and if so, whether it would be a secure option.   Alternatively, is there any budget hostel near the airport, safe for a single traveler, that you would recommend? Once again, my concern stems from my observation in Germany that the cheapest hostels tend to be located near the Hauptbahnhofs, which are not exactly in the best possible localities. Although I am aware that there are hotels available around 0.2 km from CDG, they appear to be overpriced and beyond my budgetary restrictions.  Thanks for your suggestions! I really appreciate your help. 
39618	Is there a way to spend a night at Paris CDG airport?	I have a connecting flight on Air France from Paris CDG to Toulouse at 8:30 on Saturday whereas my original flight from my home country lands at 19:00 hours at Paris on Friday. This means that I would be left with a little more than 12 hours at the airport but since it would be evening, joining the hop-on/off tour of Paris doesn't seem like a viable option to kill time.     Owing to night-flying restrictions, I had observed that German airports tend to seem quite desolate at night and I am unsure whether the situation is similar in France as well. Hence, I was wondering if it would be possible at all to spend the night at CDG airport without boring myself to death, and if so, whether it would be a secure option.   Alternatively, is there any budget hostel near the airport, safe for a single traveler, that you would recommend? Once again, my concern stems from my observation in Germany that the cheapest hostels tend to be located near the Hauptbahnhofs, which are not exactly in the best possible localities. Although I am aware that there are hotels available around 0.2 km from CDG, they appear to be overpriced and beyond my budgetary restrictions.  Thanks for your suggestions! I really appreciate your help. 
39648	Transit through Zurich airport for 18hours - Do I need a visa?	I am travelling to India from US via Zurich airport and have a layover of 18hours at Zurich airport. I am an Indian citizen and am going to India for my H1b stamping. My question is that do I require a visa to stay at the airport for this time (18hours) as I checked the airport closes from 11:30pm to 6:00am (Night flight ban)? 
39679	Where can I sell Albanian currency	I found a small amount of Albanian lekë from summer's visit there. Is there any place in Ireland / UK where I can change those back into EUR, GBP or Dollars?? 
39685	Tourist Visa B1/B2	Hi I am from India and have B1 . Can I come to US without a B2 visa. I had previously used this visa for official purpose. Will there be any problem relating to immigration. I will be staying with my friend what other formality do I have to do? 
39698	ESTA Transiting first, then entering the US	I need help with one of the questions on the ESTA application form. 'Is your travel to the US occuring in transit to another country?'  I am flying in on the 3rd February from Sydney Australia to Vancouver Canada, transiting in San Francisco. Then I will fly on 17th February from Vancouver to Boston and staying in Boston.  Do I answer yes or no to this question?  Does the question on the ESTA application form 'Is your travel to the US occuring in transit to another country?' asking about the first entry into the USA? or for the entire trip.  If someone could just let me know whether I answer 'yes' or 'no' that would be much appreciated.  Thank you. 
39704	Are mixed classes possible on a single ticket for a single passenger?	I saw this question regarding trying to book multiple people in different classes, but I was wondering whether it's possible for one person to book a mixed ticket on a single itinerary.  As a particular example, I'm probably going to be flying from the U.S. to Cebu, Philippines next summer. Since no U.S. airlines fly to Cebu and no airlines that fly to Cebu fly to my home airport, I'm considering the following route:  Delta:  BNA-DTW-ICN Korean Air: ICN-CEB  Korean Air: CEB-ICN Delta:  ICN-DTW-BNA  I'm wondering whether it's possible to book a single ticket with Business class (i.e. BusinessElite/Delta One) on the Delta portion and economy on the Korean Air portion.  The ticketing carrier would ideally be Delta in this case.  I definitely would want my bags checked all the way through from Nashville to Cebu and also want to make sure that I'm protected from losing my booking on one airline in the event that a previous flight on the other airline got delayed. However, I'd rather not pay the extra $1,000 to upgrade the ICN-CEB-ICN portion on Korean Air if it can be avoided. The lie-flat bed seats would definitely be nice on the DTW-ICN leg, but it's not really worth the extra cost on the relatively short hop from Seoul to Cebu and back in my case, especially since the difference in comfort between economy and business seats is dramatically less on Korean Air than it is on Delta. 
39704	Are mixed classes possible on a single ticket for a single passenger?	I saw this question regarding trying to book multiple people in different classes, but I was wondering whether it's possible for one person to book a mixed ticket on a single itinerary.  As a particular example, I'm probably going to be flying from the U.S. to Cebu, Philippines next summer. Since no U.S. airlines fly to Cebu and no airlines that fly to Cebu fly to my home airport, I'm considering the following route:  Delta:  BNA-DTW-ICN Korean Air: ICN-CEB  Korean Air: CEB-ICN Delta:  ICN-DTW-BNA  I'm wondering whether it's possible to book a single ticket with Business class (i.e. BusinessElite/Delta One) on the Delta portion and economy on the Korean Air portion.  The ticketing carrier would ideally be Delta in this case.  I definitely would want my bags checked all the way through from Nashville to Cebu and also want to make sure that I'm protected from losing my booking on one airline in the event that a previous flight on the other airline got delayed. However, I'd rather not pay the extra $1,000 to upgrade the ICN-CEB-ICN portion on Korean Air if it can be avoided. The lie-flat bed seats would definitely be nice on the DTW-ICN leg, but it's not really worth the extra cost on the relatively short hop from Seoul to Cebu and back in my case, especially since the difference in comfort between economy and business seats is dramatically less on Korean Air than it is on Delta. 
39710	What to do at the Amsterdam Schiphol Airport during a long transit?	I have a 12 hours transit at Amsterdam Schiphol airport but I have no visa to exit the airport, and all hotels inside are fully booked. Shops and restaurants are all closed by the time I arrive at the airport. Are there areas to relax and get some sleep? What else is there to do inside? 
39649	US Citizen: 90/180 Schengen Stay & Bilateral Agreements w/Poland, Denmark, etc	I'm a US citizen on an extended trip in Europe. So far, I've been very careful with the 90/180 rule. At no point in any 180 days have I stayed more than 90 days in the Schengen area; my "gap months" were spent in the UK and Croatia.  The end of another 90-day period is upon me, and I was planning to take a trip to Ireland. However, I recently learned that a few countries — Denmark, Poland, maybe France — might possibly have bilateral agreements with the US that let you stay 90 days passport-free, independent of any other Schengen area visits.  This is very appealing to me, since I really wanted to visit Poland and/or Denmark anyway. I'd much rather go to those countries than Ireland. However, the information about these agreements is extremely sketchy, at best. For the most part, it's people on travel forums quoting snippets of law and talking about how they weren't caught when they crossed the border. If a border guard confronts me, I do not, under any circumstance, want to run into a situation where I can get banned from the Eurozone!  On the other hand, the New to Denmark website (billed as "the official portal for foreigners") quite clearly states:     Citizens of Australia, Canada, Chile, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, New   Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and the US can freely enter and stay   in Denmark for up to 90 days in any 180-day period, regardless of   whether they have stayed in another Schengen country prior to entry   into Denmark. The 90 days are counted from the entry date into Denmark   or another Nordic country. If you have previously spent time in   Denmark or another Nordic country within the previous 180 days, that   time will be deducted from the 90-day maximum.   So I guess my questions are as follows:   Are these rumors of bilateral agreements independent of the Schengen passport-free period true? Or has it just been instances of border guards being nice? Is the quoted statement above an official document that I can use as a reference? Does a similar statement exist somewhere for Poland (or France, if valid)? Why does the statement mention "another Nordic country"? Is this bilateral agreement with just Denmark, or does it include other Nordic countries as well? If I follow through with this and decide to go to one of these countries, how can I get official verification of the additional 90-day period? The Schengen area doesn't have border checks, after all; there won't be any official proof that I entered Denmark/Poland/France on a certain date. Do I have to do something to "activate" this extended stay? Does the 90-day Schengen period get put on hold while I'm in one of these bilateral countries, or is it still active? That is, if I spend 90 days in Schengen and then another 90 days in Poland, am I free to go back to Schengen for another 90 days? Or does the Schengen clock stop while I'm in Poland?   To clarify, I'm not looking to make a "border run", but to stay in one of these countries for a few months. 
39681	Clarification on UK Visitor Rules Paragraph 41 and the Schengen cooling off period	This question concerns tourists and 'visitors' only, it is not about those seeking long-term migration strategies.  The rule is Paragraph 41 concerning visitors.  The clause is (ii), and in 2014 this clause was expanded to include this text...     and does not intend to live for extended periods in the United Kingdom   through frequent or successive visits; and   This new text is clearly directed at something.  But what?  Juxtaposed to this rule, there is a Schengen rule that requires a visitor to undergo a cooling off period such that the rolling 90 days out of 180 days is not violated.  Because the UK qualifies as a place where a person can spend their Schengen cooling off period and the UK is adjacent to the Schengen zone, visitors may be attracted to that strategy.  Related question US Citizen: 90/180 Schengen Stay &amp; Bilateral Agreements w/Poland, Denmark, etc  Surely the rule is worded to cover a lot of 'grey areas' that the authorities see as borderline abuse, such as digital nomads who work on foreign-based contracts, and people who are attempting to qualify for residency under Article 8, and people who might be visiting the UK a lot because they are traffickers or drug dealers. It probably also covers people who are conducting long-distance relationships because such people are not bona fide visitors along with people who frequently come and go with no apparent reason who are also not considered to be bona fide visitors.    I'm not asking if you agree with the rule, or if you think the rule will be effective; I am happy to take it as read that the rule exists and will be enforced until Parliament or the courts change it.  Would this new rule affect people who habitually use the UK as a place to reset their Schengen clock?  If so, how would they be affected, and why doesn't the rule explicitly say 'Schengen' cooling off period? Is there a possibility that they would be refused entry? Or have their leave to enter shortened?  How many times can a person make successive visits before this happens?  The rule itself is here https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/381797/Immigration_Rules_-_Part_2_final.pdf 
39719	Way to get Vaccines for travelling to India in New York	I'm planning to go to India in Jan. I've just recently moved to NYC so I don't know much about the city. I'd like to get some vaccines for Northern India. I googled some and found a lot of clinics that providing that. I'm not sure if it's better to go to the hospital or private clinics. Not sure what's the system being use in the US. What I heard was that you can't just walk in to a hospital.  
39727	Transit visa required in Paris, France?	I'm flying from Singapore to Tel Aviv, Israel and will be transiting in Paris, France for about 2.5 hours via Air France. Do I need to apply transit visa?  Going back time is from Israel to Rome, Italy to Abu Dabhi and Singapore. Do I need to apply visa entering Rome and Abu Dhabi?  By the way, I'm working in Singapore and holding a Philippine passport. 
39743	Re-entering the US from Mexico	I came to the US from the UK on September 1st and spent the full 90 days travelling round under the VWP and an ESTA. After my 90 days were up I have come to Mexico, where I will be spending 6 weeks in the country.  As of yet I do not have a flight booked back to the UK but have stared to look before I return home, I would love to stop in Salt Lake City for a week to see my brother.  Does anyone know if this is possible, having spent 6 weeks out of America would I be able to return for a week on a new VWP with a flight booked back to the UK?  Having read a few things online which suggests I can and others that say I can't.  
39745	How do you weigh luggage ?	My luggage is allowed to be 50 lbs each bag, and I'm not sure how much it weighs. Is there any way to weigh it with an accurate weight?  
39757	Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR(UK)?	I am Indian national, residing in Qatar.  I am traveling to the  US through London Heathrow (UK). My stopover at Heathrow is approx. 4 hours, before proceeding to US on same day of my arrival.  I will be changing terminals at LHR. I have no idea about the UK Immigration controls &amp; baggage section also. I already booked/reserved my ticket with flight operated by American airlines/American airlines operated by Qatar airways.  Please let me know the whether TRANSIT Visa required for 4 hrs. stay at LHR before moving for onward journey to US. 
39764	How to pick the (phony) return destination for a roundtrip ticket intended as a one-way?	   [Last para:]  If you do decide to go ahead with a return, keep in mind that the return leg doesn't need to be the same as the outbound. You might be able to book ZRH-AUS on the outbound, and a cheaper/shorter flight such as JFK-FRA for the return which may give a cheaper overall flight. Given that you're not going to fly it anyway, it doesn't really matter where you're "flying"! Try a few options and see what you can come up with.   For brevity, call the return destination on the return ticket as the spurious destination. The motivation for this question is my friend's need to buy a one-way flight from Hong Kong to Toronto. If a roundtrip ticket is cheaper, then how do we compare and determine which city on the return journey (that my friend won't really fly on) will produce the cheapest roundticket fare?  Are there any websites for this?  For example, we simply don't know if Hong Kong -- Toronto - Hong Kong is the cheapest, or Hong Kong -- Toronto - X, where X is some other city besides Hong Kong. 
39769	How to search for (cheap) flights, for flexible travel dates within 1 week or more?	Please advise on other resources or did I misuse the following sites? Example: My friend and mom want to travel from Hong Kong (ie origin) to Toronto (ie destination). My mom can leave whenever from Dec 2014 to Jan 2016 inclusive, but my friend wants to leave in Dec 2014 or Jan  2015. They'll travel in one direction only and not return to HK, but will buy a roundtrip if it's cheaper than a one-way ticket. This doesn't duplicate How can I do a “broad” search for flights? because I've already tried:  1. http://adioso.com/hk/hong-kong-to-toronto-ca-december:  For one-way fares: The presentation uselessly shows only one week at a time.  For roundtrip:  Same problem as in 2 below 'For roundtrip'.  2. http://matrix.itasoftware.com: For one-way fares: Thanks to user Gagravarr, I thought to retry with Internet Explorer, on which prices did appear in the calendar, unlike in Firefox 34.0.5 which I first used. For roundtrip: The 'Matrix Airfare Search' requires you to specify 'Length of stay', but this thwarts my goal to minimise the price, without any care or need for a specific departure and return date.  3. http://www.skyscanner.com:   For one-way fares: Why are there magnifying glasses on certain dates (example), the prices for which are inefficiently revealed only after clicking on each date? Yet when I tried this yesterday, the website exhibited the prices normally. For roundtrip: I picked 'Whole Year' for the dates. The first problem is that prices for departure and return flights are listed separately. Second, this pricing display (for ostensibly every day) is misleading, because upon choosing a specific departure date, the website immediately limits the available dates for your return flights, so the total fare can be costly.  
39774	Places to visit in the Silicon Valley area	We're travelling from Norway to the US in january to attend CES 2015 in Las Vegas. We're staying a day or two in Silicon Valley and was therefore wondering what the top places to visit would be? We really want to see buildings like the Google headquarters with all the android desserts outside, a datacenter, a few big stores and other places that's high up on the list worth to visit.  What are your suggestions?:)  Thanks!;) 
39743	Re-entering the US from Mexico	I came to the US from the UK on September 1st and spent the full 90 days travelling round under the VWP and an ESTA. After my 90 days were up I have come to Mexico, where I will be spending 6 weeks in the country.  As of yet I do not have a flight booked back to the UK but have stared to look before I return home, I would love to stop in Salt Lake City for a week to see my brother.  Does anyone know if this is possible, having spent 6 weeks out of America would I be able to return for a week on a new VWP with a flight booked back to the UK?  Having read a few things online which suggests I can and others that say I can't.  
39806	What are the rules for taking electronics and other expensive gifts from the USA to the EU?	I am an American with residence in Belgium.  I came here to the USA for the holidays and brought my old, iPhone, iPad and my MacBook. Now, here, I want to buy a new iPad and also a surface pad, among some other stuff.   Assuming I leave the boxes at home, and boot these devices up, maybe downloading some stuff on them, before leaving to the airport, will it be safe to bring them without risk of paying tax?  I can't find any info on the limit of goods I can bring over. I suppose if they are not in their boxes, it's clear that I am not selling them (in fact they are Xmas gifts).  Is there some regulation about this? 
39798	Driving in North and South Carolina with an Indian driving licence?	I am a visitor in Charlotte, NC, and am planning to drive from Charlotte to Charleston by renting a car.  Will my Indian driving licence be enough for driving a car in the states of NC and SC, or do I need an international driver's permit?  I'd appreciate a source for any information, especially if forms are required to complete. 
39798	Driving in North and South Carolina with an Indian driving licence?	I am a visitor in Charlotte, NC, and am planning to drive from Charlotte to Charleston by renting a car.  Will my Indian driving licence be enough for driving a car in the states of NC and SC, or do I need an international driver's permit?  I'd appreciate a source for any information, especially if forms are required to complete. 
39798	Driving in North and South Carolina with an Indian driving licence?	I am a visitor in Charlotte, NC, and am planning to drive from Charlotte to Charleston by renting a car.  Will my Indian driving licence be enough for driving a car in the states of NC and SC, or do I need an international driver's permit?  I'd appreciate a source for any information, especially if forms are required to complete. 
17646	Taxi from Pistoolhaven to Luxemburgweg Europoort in the Netherlands	I got excellent advice about travelling to Europoort by other public transport with a dog. Could anybody advice me if and where I can book taxi from Pistoolhaven to Luxemburgweg P&amp;O terminal in Netherlands?  
39821	Online resource for finding cafes/wifi hotspots for working while traveling	Similar to my question asking about coworking spaces, are there any online resources for finding more temporary work spaces? Specifically, cafés, restaurants, wifi hotspots, etc?   Internet connectivity  Reliability Session limits, if any Security type (WPA2? Open/unencrypted? etc) Any restrictions (ports other than 80 blocked? Transparent proxy? etc)  Availability of electrical outlets Type of environment  Tables with chairs vs sofas/lounge area, etc Music/noise type/level  Food/drink menu and price (if applicable)   Many resources allow public reviews which may contain some or all of this information, but I've yet to find one which actually makes it easy to see this information without just reading through dozens or hundreds of reviews. TripAdvisor, Urban Spoon, Yelp, even Google maps are candidates.  Some of these even mention if wifi is available, but rarely, if ever, mention some aspects of wifi connectivity important to professionals, such as session limits, or if certain ports are blocked. And I've never seen a resource which mentions the availability of electrical outlets.  But is there a wifi indexing site somewhere? 
39814	Online resource for finding co-working space while traveling	We have a number of questions about finding coworking space in a number of cities. I'm interested in a general resource for finding such places. This may make my question too broad and/or a list question.  My ideal resource would allow searching for cafes/co-working space in a particular city/neighborhood, and would provide for reviews. 
39785	Is it possible to get from Canada to Greenland by road or ferry?	Are there any roads (or ferry service) that would allow a person to travel from Canada to Greenland without taking a plane? 
39819	Is a transit visa required for an Indian in a connecting flight via USA coming from Toronto?	I am an Indian studying in Toronto, returning to India via USA in a connecting flight. Do I need a transit visa? 
39790	Traveling by own car from USA to Panama	I have been thinking about driving from USA (Texas) down to Panama.  My concern is about safety, such as whether the risk of getting robbed or killed would make this sort of trip dangerous?  One reason for this concern is that a colleague told me that drug cartels own the highways in Mexico. Not sure how true that is but it made me wonder if they expect some kind of payments?  I'm a 35-year old white male and would be traveling by myself. My car is not particularly fancy, it's a 2014 Ford Escape so a tankful of gas right now costs about $20 USD and can take me about 500 miles. It is registered in Texas, however, so it has the Texas plates (not sure if this increases the risks of getting mugged?).  Is this type of endeavor too risky nowadays? If I do undertake this trip, are there any particular precautions I would have to keep in mind? 
39790	Traveling by own car from USA to Panama	I have been thinking about driving from USA (Texas) down to Panama.  My concern is about safety, such as whether the risk of getting robbed or killed would make this sort of trip dangerous?  One reason for this concern is that a colleague told me that drug cartels own the highways in Mexico. Not sure how true that is but it made me wonder if they expect some kind of payments?  I'm a 35-year old white male and would be traveling by myself. My car is not particularly fancy, it's a 2014 Ford Escape so a tankful of gas right now costs about $20 USD and can take me about 500 miles. It is registered in Texas, however, so it has the Texas plates (not sure if this increases the risks of getting mugged?).  Is this type of endeavor too risky nowadays? If I do undertake this trip, are there any particular precautions I would have to keep in mind? 
39790	Traveling by own car from USA to Panama	I have been thinking about driving from USA (Texas) down to Panama.  My concern is about safety, such as whether the risk of getting robbed or killed would make this sort of trip dangerous?  One reason for this concern is that a colleague told me that drug cartels own the highways in Mexico. Not sure how true that is but it made me wonder if they expect some kind of payments?  I'm a 35-year old white male and would be traveling by myself. My car is not particularly fancy, it's a 2014 Ford Escape so a tankful of gas right now costs about $20 USD and can take me about 500 miles. It is registered in Texas, however, so it has the Texas plates (not sure if this increases the risks of getting mugged?).  Is this type of endeavor too risky nowadays? If I do undertake this trip, are there any particular precautions I would have to keep in mind? 
39830	Can I apply for a UK or any EU country visa after removal?	I studied in the UK between 2006-2011, unfortunately in 2011 while trying to apply for a post study work visa, Immigration officials found anomalies with my bank statement and they had to remove me from the UK. I am now resettled in my country and my circumstances have changed. I may be required to travel to one of the EU countries (Sweden) early next year. I am just concerned if my application may be denied based on the past circumstances.   
39832	Is there a risk of contracting Ebola on a ferry ride from Spain to Morocco?	I will be traveling from Spain to Morocco on the ferry this month, and I'm trying to see how dangerous as far as getting Ebola on this ferry? And are there any safety precautions on this ferry in order for it to be considered safe?  
39841	can I put 3.4 ounces of liquid in a 4 ounce bottle?	Is the restriction on the amount of liquid in the container, or the size of the container itself?  The 3-1-1 page says:     Liquids, gels, aerosols, creams and pastes must be 3.4 ounces (100ml) or less per container   It sounds like it's on the amount of liquid, rather than the container itself.   I ask because I have a nice 4oz Nalgene travel container. What if I filled it half way up? That way, it's clearly less than 3oz, probably closer to 2oz.  
39841	can I put 3.4 ounces of liquid in a 4 ounce bottle?	Is the restriction on the amount of liquid in the container, or the size of the container itself?  The 3-1-1 page says:     Liquids, gels, aerosols, creams and pastes must be 3.4 ounces (100ml) or less per container   It sounds like it's on the amount of liquid, rather than the container itself.   I ask because I have a nice 4oz Nalgene travel container. What if I filled it half way up? That way, it's clearly less than 3oz, probably closer to 2oz.  
39772	How can I find out if I'm wanted in Turkey?	Say that I want to travel to a foreign country, but it's possible I am wanted by the authorities there*. To find out if this is the case, I could just go, and see if I get arrested at the airport, but that's far from ideal. I'd much rather know it before departing. How? Can a lawyer find this out for me? Or an embassy? or through an online resource? And won't asking about it prompt the authorities to look into me, and put me on the wanted list if I'm not yet on it? If the information is available, how reliable is it?  Note: I would only need to know for a single specific country before traveling there. I don't need a table of all countries in the world with a yea or nay.  Update: Alright, if this question can't be answered generally (not even a few general guidelines), I'm specifically interested in Turkey.  *I am not currently wanted anywhere (that I know of), but in the future I may be indirectly associated with a company in the online gambling business, which is not legal everywhere. I have no control over where that company chooses to operate. 
39856	Do I have to carry snow chains in Europe?	I will drive from Germany to Bulgaria through Austria, Hungary and Serbia. I will drive mainly on highways and I don't expect to need snow chains as the roads are usually in good conditions. Am I required to carry snow chains in any of the countries above? 
39880	B1/B2 Visa is issued for exam, want to go for tourism	I have been issued a B1/B2 visa to USA to take an exam. It's multiple entry but unfortunately I had to delay my exam. In the meantime, can I use this visa to visit a few places in USA? Will there be any issues at the airport that my initial plan submitted during visa application and this travel plan do not match even though both are covered under this visa? (NB: its my first travel to USA) 
39887	How much time do I have to go to my visa issuing country?	I got the “C” category multiple-entry visa for Portugal. I want to visit several Schengen countries during 15 days. Can I visit other countries before Portugal? e.g. go to Portugal in 10th day or so.  This is because arriving from my country directly to Portugal is way more expensive than other countries. 
39887	How much time do I have to go to my visa issuing country?	I got the “C” category multiple-entry visa for Portugal. I want to visit several Schengen countries during 15 days. Can I visit other countries before Portugal? e.g. go to Portugal in 10th day or so.  This is because arriving from my country directly to Portugal is way more expensive than other countries. 
39885	Winter tyres in France, Germany, and Switzerland	I'm planning a car trip on the board of Germany, France and Switzerland. What is the best place to rent a car?   I think is an obligation to have special tires in Germany but not in France.  If I rent a car in France I will have to pay a special price for the snow tires. But if in Germany is a obligation I believe I can't rent a car without special tires. In other words the any car in Germany came with snow tires.  I'm right? Someone have more information about this?  My trip will start in 2 weeks and has 2 weeks of duration. 
39885	Winter tyres in France, Germany, and Switzerland	I'm planning a car trip on the board of Germany, France and Switzerland. What is the best place to rent a car?   I think is an obligation to have special tires in Germany but not in France.  If I rent a car in France I will have to pay a special price for the snow tires. But if in Germany is a obligation I believe I can't rent a car without special tires. In other words the any car in Germany came with snow tires.  I'm right? Someone have more information about this?  My trip will start in 2 weeks and has 2 weeks of duration. 
39917	B1/B2 visa approved for exam. Can I go for tourism as the first trip?	I hold a B1/B2 visa for USA issued for sitting an examination in June. I have a vacation before then, in February, and would like to spend it in USA.    Can I go to USA using this visa?    This is my first trip. I have not yet travelled with the justification given for requesting the visa and am concerned that I might not be permitted entry when first arriving for a different purpose than the reason given in my visa application.   
39922	How to carry cologne bottles in hand luggage and prevent losses?	Say I have a cologne bottle of 100 ml that I want to carry in my hand luggage on a plane trip.  100 ml is the limit so it should be fine for the transport regulations (if not, please let me know!).  The problem I always encounter is regarding the storage of the bottle: how to prevent it from leaking?  What I normally do is to put it in a plastic bag, so that the possible loss remains there. It is fine, only that the bottle ends up quite wet.  What would be a better approach? 
3631	I have a tattoo. Can I visit a public swimming pool in Japan?	A friend of mine is currently traveling in Japan. She has a small tattoo on her neck. Now she wanted to visit a public swimming pool but was denied entry.  It was difficult to understand the reason but it seems that tattoos "look too dangerous".  Can someone explain to me if it is true that you can't visit a public swimming pool in Japan if you have a tattoo? And if so, what's the real reason for it? 
39932	Travel in Schengen after Swedish Temporary Residence Permit has expired	I am a US citizen and have been granted a temporary residence permit in Sweden on the grounds of visiting my father who lives there. I first stayed in the Schengen area for the full 90 day period which is allowed on the free US travel visa, and received the temporary residence permit on the last day of this period. It extended my stay in Sweden by 5 1/2 months and only allows me to stay in Sweden. When this extension expires in March, I would like to take some time to travel in the rest of Europe. I want to know if I am legally allowed to do so. I know that US citizens are allowed 90 days in 180 day period, and my 180 days are up in Jan, but I will stay in Sweden until March. Would it be best for me to exit Schengen from Sweden and then reenter through another country? Or do I have to go home? 
39932	Travel in Schengen after Swedish Temporary Residence Permit has expired	I am a US citizen and have been granted a temporary residence permit in Sweden on the grounds of visiting my father who lives there. I first stayed in the Schengen area for the full 90 day period which is allowed on the free US travel visa, and received the temporary residence permit on the last day of this period. It extended my stay in Sweden by 5 1/2 months and only allows me to stay in Sweden. When this extension expires in March, I would like to take some time to travel in the rest of Europe. I want to know if I am legally allowed to do so. I know that US citizens are allowed 90 days in 180 day period, and my 180 days are up in Jan, but I will stay in Sweden until March. Would it be best for me to exit Schengen from Sweden and then reenter through another country? Or do I have to go home? 
36740	Is there a legal limit to the amount of cash one can carry on domestic US flights	Is there a legal limit to the amount of physical cash a US citizen can possess when flying from one US state to another? I've heard that the United States government can and is seizing any amount of cash over a certain dollar amount at airports. However, I have not been able to get a definitive answer as to if these reported seizures are due to other illegal activity or if carrying cash over a certain dollar amount is in itself illegal.  Before anyone marks this as a duplicate, I am not talking about customs reporting, foreign currency limits or bringing money into or out of the United States. I'm only asking specifically about carrying good o'll US dollars from one state in the United States to another (NY to TX) on a domestic flight. 
39955	Applying for German Schengen visa for several years' duration	I am thinking about applying for a Schengen visa for my next trip to Germany. Since I might be visiting Germany or other Schengen countries again in the next few years, I was wondering whether it would be worth trying to get a multiple-entry Schengen visa. Is there any risk/harm in checking the "multiple entry" box on the form? And do I stand a reasonable chance to get such a visa?  I've been in Germany last year for 3 months doing research at a university (on a single-entry tourist visa). For my next trip, I don't think I'll have anything more legitimate than casual tourism. A multiple-entry visa of duration 6 months or 1 year would not interest me much -- I'm unlikely to make multiple trips in that duration anyway. Something like 2-5 years would be useful for me.  I've already read this question, but since my situation is more specific in a few aspects, I think it is worth asking my question here. 
39719	Way to get Vaccines for travelling to India in New York	I'm planning to go to India in Jan. I've just recently moved to NYC so I don't know much about the city. I'd like to get some vaccines for Northern India. I googled some and found a lot of clinics that providing that. I'm not sure if it's better to go to the hospital or private clinics. Not sure what's the system being use in the US. What I heard was that you can't just walk in to a hospital.  
39991	How do I check two-days-old departure times?	Sites like flightstats.com and flightview.com only provide details that are at most one day old.     How do I find the departure time of flight SG-16 from DXB on Dec 16 2014? 
40001	Tax refund flying out of California?	I have an international flight from Los Angeles airport (LAX). I bought a laptop and tablet in the USA, and I wanted to know if I can get a tax refund. I know that the US doesn't have VAT, but I don't know about sales tax. Is it possible to get a refund? 
40019	After adding another bag to a Virgin Australia booking, should you get some sort of e-receipt?	Following on from my question last month - When booking elsewhere, how do you know what Virgin Australia ticket type you will get?, I decided to book my Virgin Australia fare elsewhere knowing what it was, thanks everyone!, then add an extra bag on later.  Annoyingly, the Virgin Australia website didn't let me add one more piece of checked luggage online, so I had to ring them up to do it - something about it being a travel agent booking apparently? Anyway, I eventually spoke to someone helpful in their customer services team, paid the fee on my card, and added the bag.  That was all about a week ago, and I took the flight in question, with my extra bag. That all went well. The charge for the extra bag has arrived on my card too, so I did pay... But no receipt was emailed to me, neither after my phone call to add the bag, nor after the flight!  After paying to add a bag with Virgin Australia, is it normal to get some sort of receipt from them by email? Or if not, is it possible to get one from them some other way, perhaps by emailing?  (Work might cover my extra bag, but only if I give them a proper receipt for it - one line highlighted off my bank statement labelled "Virgin Australia" is unlikely to convince the accounts team to pay me back...) 
40007	Is camera equipment and bags in general allowed on NYC Observation Decks?	I am going to see Ball Drop this New Year's Eve with three of my friends. We also plan to do some sightseeing and take some pictures on Jan 3 &amp; 4. Two of us are into photography.   Some of our planned stuff is:   Top of the Rock Brooklyn Bridge Ellis Island/ Lady Liberty Times Square and some local landmarks in Manhattan like Rockefeller Center, plus some restaurants. Possibly Empire State Observation Deck.   Question: Are bags and camera equipment like folding tripods allowed on Observation Deck? 
40022	SpiceJet flight Goa to Hyderabad cancelled but no refund	I booked four SpiceJet tickets for my return journey Goa to Hyderabad for 15th Dec 2014.  That day at 9:45 AM I got an SMS "flight cancelled and call us for reschedule". Everybody knows that SpiceJet people never pick up and talk to customers. So I couldn't reschedule. I booked a bus and came back to Hyderabad along with my family, travelling the whole night with lots of pain with my little kids. SpiceJet spoiled our vacation joy.  Now on the SpiceJet site they don't mention anything about a refund.    Do I get my ticket money refunded? Do I need to do any thing for that? Will they automatically process a full refund to my card/account? Can I put a case in a consumer forum for the inconvenience/pain caused? 
39971	Appropiate way to safely transportate heavy laptop during flight?	I flew a long range flight carrying my laptop, a quite heavy one, inside a neoprene briefcase on the passenger cabin. The recommendation by the aircrew is to place them in the compartments above or below the front seat. However, during take-off and landing, the vibrations on the plane are quite strong and, as a result, it received minor damages.   Placing them in the above compartments might be equivalent as placing it in the floor, underneath the front seat, with the added hindrance of additional luggage.  I considered the alternative of holding it vertical by the handle while sitting, so it won't be any contact with the aircraft's floor. This is impracticable during cruise, but I thought it could be better during the take-off and landing segments.  Other option I considered is to wrap it with completely with bubble wrap before boarding the plane.   The damage the laptop sustained was not great, but I am afraid of further damage as the date of my return flight approaches.  The question is:     Which is the safest way to transport a laptop during flight?    I don't think it's an inappropiate question, as the requirements are clearly defined and surely must be an optimal way to transport heavy tech while travelling. Even if, for some reason, it's deemed unsuitable or off-topic, I truly believe that it's an important subject, and I would be most pleased to receive your input. 
40030	Transit visa from Amsterdam with Caribbean visa	I'm visiting St. Maarten from Sri Lanka. I have a Caribbean visa from the Netherland Embassy. Transit period in Amsterdam Airport is 4 hours. Do I need a transit visa to go through Amsterdam? 
40031	Schengen Clarification	If I spend the first 90 days out of 180 in Schengen, then spend the next 90 days in the UK, will that qualify as the 90 day wait period to reenter Schengen?  Or do I need to wait 90 days after the initial 180? 
40031	Schengen Clarification	If I spend the first 90 days out of 180 in Schengen, then spend the next 90 days in the UK, will that qualify as the 90 day wait period to reenter Schengen?  Or do I need to wait 90 days after the initial 180? 
40022	SpiceJet flight Goa to Hyderabad cancelled but no refund	I booked four SpiceJet tickets for my return journey Goa to Hyderabad for 15th Dec 2014.  That day at 9:45 AM I got an SMS "flight cancelled and call us for reschedule". Everybody knows that SpiceJet people never pick up and talk to customers. So I couldn't reschedule. I booked a bus and came back to Hyderabad along with my family, travelling the whole night with lots of pain with my little kids. SpiceJet spoiled our vacation joy.  Now on the SpiceJet site they don't mention anything about a refund.    Do I get my ticket money refunded? Do I need to do any thing for that? Will they automatically process a full refund to my card/account? Can I put a case in a consumer forum for the inconvenience/pain caused? 
40007	Is camera equipment and bags in general allowed on NYC Observation Decks?	I am going to see Ball Drop this New Year's Eve with three of my friends. We also plan to do some sightseeing and take some pictures on Jan 3 &amp; 4. Two of us are into photography.   Some of our planned stuff is:   Top of the Rock Brooklyn Bridge Ellis Island/ Lady Liberty Times Square and some local landmarks in Manhattan like Rockefeller Center, plus some restaurants. Possibly Empire State Observation Deck.   Question: Are bags and camera equipment like folding tripods allowed on Observation Deck? 
40093	Can US citizens go to Cuba freely and vice versa after the recent diplomatic relation restoration?	A recent full diplomatic relation restoration between the US and Cuba took place, does that mean that US citizens can go to Cuba freely and vice versa?  
40109	What documents should I take with me to the airport, if I booked my ticket online?	After confirming my ticket online, the agent-website send me an e-ticket that contains the itinerary, PNR etc. There is no passport info or such shown in it - they didn't ask for it while booking - with the exception of my name. Do I need any documents other than a printed e-ticket and passport to board the plane?  Similar question is asked here. 
40113	Do any States in the US give traffic tickets for 5 mph above the speed limit?	In Louisiana, USA it's widely understood (unofficially) that one can travel 5mph above the speed limit without receiving a speeding ticket.   Does this rule apply when traveling the rest of the States?  
40125	Transiting Amsterdam with single entry Schengen visa for Norway?	I hold a Fiji Passport and I have obtained a Schengen Visa for Norway. It is a short stay visa and is for single entry only.  I will be transiting Amsterdam while going to Norway; will my Schengen short stay visa for single entry in Norway be sufficient to guarantee me an air-side transit in Amsterdam? 
40141	Waiting before passport control in Düsseldorf airport	From Leeds, England I'm due to arrive at Düsseldorf, Germany on the 23rd at 8:30pm.    Is it possible to sit out and wait before passport control in Düsseldorf until 12am? The intention being to get an entry stamp for the following day (24th) to extend my Schengen area due date 
40166	If you're speeding by 20, why's it less hassle to ticket for 10 or 15?	   [Source]    5 MPH over could be a discrepancy in measurement equipment, and officers do not want to go to court to explain when and how their radar gun was calibrated, etc. If they see you doing 20 over and write you a ticket for 10 or 15, it's less hassle for them. This cuts both ways: if your speedometer is slightly miscalibrated (entirely possible), you might be doing 10 over when you think you're doing 5 over.   Would someone please explain and elucidate this? If you're speeding by 20 (any unit of speed), why's it 'less hassle' to 'write you a ticket for 10 or 15'? Per contra, would this weaken the officer's argument? It's easier to argue based on a discrepancy of 10 or 15 rather than 20?  
40181	How to join the bile-high club if there's no airsick bag?	Airsickness bags are the traditional means of capturing your emissions, and indeed we have a question on this topic.    Example airsickness bag, from extrapackaging.com  However, in recent years it's been observed that the availability of airsickness bags seem to be decreasing, for whatever reason.  So has airsickness, fortunately (same article), but in the event that you DO need to be ill mid-flight and there's no bag, do you just have to run for it (to the bathroom)? Do you have another clever option? 
40098	Statistics about flights arriving behind schedule?	I am planning a trip and it is important to me to arrive on time, so I want to calculate how much hours behind schedule can the plane arrive. For example, if I want to be at the destination airport at 12:00, and I take a flight that is supposed to arrive at 11:00, what are the chances that the flight actually arrives after 12:00?  This probably depends on the origin, destination, airplane, etc., so I am looking for statistical data tables. Where can I find such tables? 
40170	Do I need a transit visa at Istanbul Airport to visit the city?	Do I need a transit visa at Istanbul Airport to visit the city of Istanbul.  I am a Bangladeshi citizen and booked Turkish Airline flight to Russia. Transit period 12 hours in Istanbul. If need transit visa, then how much does it cost? 
40214	Dubai Evisa on old passport and passport renewed	I have a Dubai Employment visa on my old passport number which has a ECR stamp on it. I was not allowed to board the flight due to that. I have my new renewed passport with ECNR and old passport number has no cancellation stamp on it. Can I travel now with evisa on the old passport number? Travel date coming very shortly. 
40125	Transiting Amsterdam with single entry Schengen visa for Norway?	I hold a Fiji Passport and I have obtained a Schengen Visa for Norway. It is a short stay visa and is for single entry only.  I will be transiting Amsterdam while going to Norway; will my Schengen short stay visa for single entry in Norway be sufficient to guarantee me an air-side transit in Amsterdam? 
40219	transit at Amsterdam - SCHIPHOL Airport	I'm going to USA from Cairo Egypt &amp; my transit of 2.5 hours is in Amsterdam - SCHIPHOL Airport, do I need any Visa? 
40266	Flying in Mexico without a passport if you are from the US	I tried to get to Cancun via Aeromexico out of Tijuana and they would not let me on without my passport. Does anyone think I can get there using Volaris? I saw someone did.  My family is there and the passport office is closed until Monday :( I can have my passport Fed-Ex to my hotel for my return flight, I just need to get there tomorrow. Also I have a transfer in Mexico City, would that be a problem??? Worried about getting stuck there. My whole family is there and I didn't realize my passport expired a couple months ago. Any help would be greatly appreciated!!! 
40268	Travel to USA on VWP then travel to Canada on IEC then re-enter USA on VWP	I am an Australian citizen.  If I traveled to the US on the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) and stayed there for 90 days. Then went to Canada on the International Experience Canada (IEC) for a Working Holiday, for say 1 month, can I then re-renter the US on my VWP?  I know that when on the VWP, the 90 days includes stay in Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean and Adjacent Islands. So I'm wondering if I enter Canada on the IEC and not the VWP, will that be enough to start a new round of 90days in the US?  Thanks in advance 
40261	I'm on a train to Vienna and I forgot the documents home, what can I do now?	I'm on a train to Vienna from Milan and I totally forgot my ID and passport home. I only have the driving license with me which is not a valid travel document in the Schengen area.  I'm pretty sure they are going to check the tickets and documents pretty soon, what are my chances to get through the check and reach Vienna?   Also, if I make it to Vienna, I have a flight back to Italy in a few days and my problem is gonna be even bigger, I guess. What can I do, considering no one has the keys of my apartment and so no one can mail me my passport? I'm flying Germanwings.   UPDATE: I tried to contact the consulate in order to ask for a new ID but they are closed...   UPDATE 2: I was wondering: if I go to the police telling them I lost my ID, would I get some sort of temporary replacement from them which would be a valid travel document for germanwings? [I tried this option but police told me they can't do anything since my ID wasn't stolen but I "lost it"]  
40278	Visiting the Ngong Ping 360 cable car on an evening layover in Hong Kong International Airport?	Based on the How to leave Hong Kong International Airport by foot question, I know that leaving Hong Kong International Airport on foot during a layover can be done but isn't easy. However, from an answer there, I've discovered the Wikivoyage page on Lantau Island, and specifically the cable car up the mountain.  Assuming my flight is on time, I'll have a 6 hour layover in the airport on a Saturday evening (roughly 6pm to midnight). I could just hop on the express train into the city, but I've spent a few days there before, so I was wondering about doing something different. The Ngong Ping 360 cable car looked interesting and nearby, so I was wondering about that.  However, the Wikivoyage page mentions potentially long lines, which makes me worry that by the time I've got out and got there, I might not have time. I'm also not sure if it's open late, and how good the views are at night.  That leads me to wonder if I can visit there. Specifically, on a 6 hour layover, is there enough time to get to the cable car, queue, go up and get back? Can you get there and back in that time by public transport? Is it open late enough? Are the views ok at night? 
40261	I'm on a train to Vienna and I forgot the documents home, what can I do now?	I'm on a train to Vienna from Milan and I totally forgot my ID and passport home. I only have the driving license with me which is not a valid travel document in the Schengen area.  I'm pretty sure they are going to check the tickets and documents pretty soon, what are my chances to get through the check and reach Vienna?   Also, if I make it to Vienna, I have a flight back to Italy in a few days and my problem is gonna be even bigger, I guess. What can I do, considering no one has the keys of my apartment and so no one can mail me my passport? I'm flying Germanwings.   UPDATE: I tried to contact the consulate in order to ask for a new ID but they are closed...   UPDATE 2: I was wondering: if I go to the police telling them I lost my ID, would I get some sort of temporary replacement from them which would be a valid travel document for germanwings? [I tried this option but police told me they can't do anything since my ID wasn't stolen but I "lost it"]  
35866	Croatia, passport-free travel: as of 2014, still separate from Schengen Area?	I'm a US citizen traveling visa-free in Europe. It used to be the case that you could go to Croatia to bypass the Schengen Area "3 consecutive month" requirement. (That is, stay 3 months in Europe, then 3 months in Croatia, then back to Europe.) However, according to Wikipedia:     With Croatia's accession to the EU on 1 July 2013, it is also legally   bound to eventually join the Schengen Area, and is working to do so   within 2 years. On 16 May 2014, the Prime Minister of Croatia stated   that Croatia will apply for Schengen entry on 1 July 2015.   What does this mean in practice? As of 2014, does Croatia still have its own visa-free visitation period separate from the Schengen one, or is Croatia now included in Schengen's month count? I'd rather not get into an uncomfortable situation at border control with no more Schengen days left! 
35866	Croatia, passport-free travel: as of 2014, still separate from Schengen Area?	I'm a US citizen traveling visa-free in Europe. It used to be the case that you could go to Croatia to bypass the Schengen Area "3 consecutive month" requirement. (That is, stay 3 months in Europe, then 3 months in Croatia, then back to Europe.) However, according to Wikipedia:     With Croatia's accession to the EU on 1 July 2013, it is also legally   bound to eventually join the Schengen Area, and is working to do so   within 2 years. On 16 May 2014, the Prime Minister of Croatia stated   that Croatia will apply for Schengen entry on 1 July 2015.   What does this mean in practice? As of 2014, does Croatia still have its own visa-free visitation period separate from the Schengen one, or is Croatia now included in Schengen's month count? I'd rather not get into an uncomfortable situation at border control with no more Schengen days left! 
40357	If I am banned from entering the US can I still land at an airport there, for a flight transfer?	I'm legally banned from the US and I need to get to Cost Rica or at least close to it. I can't find any direct flights from Ottawa or Montreal.   Will they arrest me if I land in the US for a flight transfer? Will they see that I am banned? Do they scan the passports? 
40389	Having bought a return flight cheaper than a one-way, do I have to fly the second leg of the ticket?	I purchased a ticket to fly from NYC to Santiago, Chile with a return from Bogota to NYC. Buying a round trip ticket from Santiago to Bogota is cheaper then one way so I wanted to lose the second leg of the ticket. Does anyone foresee any issues with this? It won't interfere with my Bogota to NYC flight will it? 
40389	Having bought a return flight cheaper than a one-way, do I have to fly the second leg of the ticket?	I purchased a ticket to fly from NYC to Santiago, Chile with a return from Bogota to NYC. Buying a round trip ticket from Santiago to Bogota is cheaper then one way so I wanted to lose the second leg of the ticket. Does anyone foresee any issues with this? It won't interfere with my Bogota to NYC flight will it? 
40403	How to get return prices for a one way ticket?	I am emigrating to the USA from the UK and need to purchase a flight. I have noticed that direct one way flights are over £1000 and return flights are only just over £500. Is there any way to get the price for a return ticket for a one way? If not, are there any repercussions for not using the return flight? I have a visa and everything is above board, I just don't want to spend the £500 extra when I can just buy a return for half the price of a direct one way. 
40409	How do I find travel partners for a bicycle touring trip?	I am looking for people interesting in going bicycle touring in S.E.Asia. Having travelled by bike before alone and with a partner, I'm keen this time to find someone likeminded to go through the process of preparing and be up for an adventure. Any websites, forums or otherwise for finding this kind of person? 
40409	How do I find travel partners for a bicycle touring trip?	I am looking for people interesting in going bicycle touring in S.E.Asia. Having travelled by bike before alone and with a partner, I'm keen this time to find someone likeminded to go through the process of preparing and be up for an adventure. Any websites, forums or otherwise for finding this kind of person? 
40409	How do I find travel partners for a bicycle touring trip?	I am looking for people interesting in going bicycle touring in S.E.Asia. Having travelled by bike before alone and with a partner, I'm keen this time to find someone likeminded to go through the process of preparing and be up for an adventure. Any websites, forums or otherwise for finding this kind of person? 
40410	Non-prescription medicines in India and USA	It would be very helpful if I could carry motion sickness pills, fever and cold antibiotic pills with me. I do not have fever or cold at the moment, but will very likely catch one due to sudden temperature changes. These medications are obtained over the counter here in India. Will these fall under restricted items by the US customs? I don't know their names, but these pills are usually non-sedating in nature. 
40388	Do I need Transit visa for Germany, travelling from India to Poland via Germany with Polish D-Type National Visa?	I am going to Poland (Delhi-Frankfurt-Warsaw) with Polish National Visa. Do I need Transit visa for layover in Frankfurt? 
40465	Using restroom on airplane while fasten seatbelt light is on?	This question about Why do flight attendants continue to stand, when the seatbelt set is on? over on aviation.stackexchange.com made me wonder what a passenger is supposed to do when they urgently have to use the restroom while the fasten seat belt light is on. FAA regulations require passengers to obey the seat-belt sign, even if flight attendants do not.  I saw this happen on a flight where an older gentleman asked the flight attendant if he could use the restroom, and she said "not until the light is off". The flight had been free of turbulence for 15 minutes or so by this time, and the flight attendants were walking freely throughout the cabin, collecting post-meal trash, etc. The gentleman who asked to use the restroom appeared to be in quite some discomfort, and practically ran to the restroom when the light went off 10 minutes later.  So what is a passenger supposed to do when he isn't permitted to use the lavatory, when he has to go and can't wait? Just go in their seat? 
40482	Money Exchange (CHF to USD) in Switzerland, Canada or in the USA?	I want to buy US dollar with swiss francs. I have the opportunity to make this change in Switzerland (Geneva), in the USA (Seattle) or in Canada (Vancouver). Where will I likely get the best change?  Here is a related question that does not contain a third country (Canada) in the list of choice. 
40482	Money Exchange (CHF to USD) in Switzerland, Canada or in the USA?	I want to buy US dollar with swiss francs. I have the opportunity to make this change in Switzerland (Geneva), in the USA (Seattle) or in Canada (Vancouver). Where will I likely get the best change?  Here is a related question that does not contain a third country (Canada) in the list of choice. 
40487	Leave Zurich Airport during a long layover	I am traveling from San Francisco to Mumbai via Zurich Airport, where I have 18hrs halt.  I have an Indian Passport and a valid US F1 visa.    Can I leave the airport and do some sightseeing in Zurich? 
40491	9 months in Europe - Digital Nomad	I'm a freelance internet worker, working and traveling at the same time.  I have a US Passport.  I wanted to legally spend 9 months in Europe - Czech Republic, Germany, Spain, and/or Budapest.  While I'm there, I'll work on my business in the US, rent an apartment, and do tourist stuff.  What's the smartest way to spend 6-9 months like this in Europe?  I typically spend 2-3 months in the same place before traveling on.  The Schengen 90/180 day rule doesn't seem that complicated, but I don't want to leave for 3 months in the middle. 
40510	Can I use the Blue "Arrivals from EU" queue on arrival in the UK, if I entered another EU country on a layover?	As explained in the Heathrow Customs - “Arrivals from the EU” exit question, the UK is somewhat unusual in having 3 customs exits from the baggage hall. There's a Red one for something to declare, a Green one for nothing to declare, and a Blue one for Arrivals from the EU  On an upcoming trip, I'm flying into Europe from outside the EU, and have a fairly long layover in Amsterdam before continuing on to the UK. During this layover, I will probably leave my bags checked through, but I'll enter the Netherlands through immigration + customs and spend some time there. Later I'll return to the airport, go through the Schengen exit immigration (+security), and take my flight to the UK.  In this situation, I as a person will be arriving from another EU country, having cleared customs and immigration there with my hand luggage. However, my checked luggage will not have entered the EU yet.  When I arrive in Heathrow, I'll then have an odd mix. Myself and my hand luggage are an EU arrival, checked luggage is not.  What queue should I use at Heathrow customs in this situation? 
40512	How can you detect that a WikiVoyage page is out of date?	For my current trip to Cairns, one of the resources I used was the Cairns WikiVoyage page. The page is of a decent length, and has guide article status, so I figured it'd probably be largely ok to follow.  However, I quickly discovered that the Get-In section was completely out of date, now fixed with help of Travel.SE! Several hotels were listed, but under names they no longer use, some under names not used for a long time (fixed where noticed). I then discovered from wandering about the city centre that there are a number of museums and gardens in the city, of which there were no mention (now fixed). I also spotted a few other problems, which I also resolved as best I could.  Luckily in this case, I had enough time and flexibility that it was all fine. On other trips though, it might be more of an issue.  So, what can I do to try to detect if a given apparently-OK-looking WikiVoyage page is fairly up-to-date, or if it's no longer likely to be current? 
40523	Celebrating the same new year several times over?	Is there a commercial service offered to general public that allows you to celebrate the new year several times?  The idea is that you would celebrate it in a time-zone and than move to the next one arriving there before new year. Of course this is relatively easy to accomplish by yourself if you're near the border of a country and you just move to the next one in a different time zone. Things probably get a bit more complex to do it 3 or more times. 
40515	Arrive Newark on United from Heathrow. Is 1 hr 45 min enough time to connect to United flight to PDX?	We will arrive on United from Heathrow and have 1 hour 45 minute connecting time to get to our flight to Portland, OR. Will that work? 
40534	How to contribute British Airways air miles to Qatar Airways without having first flown Qatar?	I've just flown on British Airways, and foresee flying with Qatar Airways (BA's partner in Oneworld alliance) in the near future. I haven't flown with Qatar, though. Is there a way I can "give" my air miles to them so that I can get a discount/upgrade from them for my future flight?  Alternatively, can I join the BA club and use its benefits for my Qatar flight?  This question is related to How to earn Qatar airways air miles without actually flying except I've actually already flown.  Thanks! 
40564	Are there low-cost airlines operating from Europe to Dominican Republic?	Are there any low-cost airlines operating from Europe to Dominican Republic? 
40613	How to avoid claustrophobia on a plane?	I am severely claustrophobic and tomorrow I have a middle seat on a plane. I need some tips on how to handle it? 
40613	How to avoid claustrophobia on a plane?	I am severely claustrophobic and tomorrow I have a middle seat on a plane. I need some tips on how to handle it? 
40604	Air Canada - Unintentional "Hidden City Ticketing"	Unintentionally, I found myself in a Hidden City Ticketing phenomena.   I bought 4 one-way tickets (family of four) from Vancouver to Quebec City, connecting thru Montreal to travel in Early Feb 2015 from Air Canada website.  Now we have a change in plans, and we would like to skip going to Quebec City and stay in Montreal.   Instictively, I logged in to Air Canada and tried to change the itinerary. My natural thinking as I am not really changing anything, just dropping from one leg of the trip, and the airline would be better off. U was not expecting any compensation. However, the airline tried to charge me an additional $480 (I already paid $1200 for the original tickets).  So I am trying to understand my options, and while I was googling around, I came across this Hidden City Ticketing thing.    My question is, Can I simply check-in my luggages to Montreal (not to final destination) and walk away in Montreal with a no show to the connecting flight. I understand you can do this if you have only carry ons, but how about if you need to check-in luggages. Can I simply politely and nicely ask to the counter in Vancouver to tag my luggage to Montreal only? Also, I have a Star Alliance Gold card, so I will use Business Class check-in counter (even though I'm travelling economy). Will this make a difference?  UPDATE: I manage to cancel the whole trip without any charge, and rebooked the relevant portion with a marginally increased price, which I was ready to bear. Thnks for all the answers.  
40639	US green card holder, do I need a transit visa in Japan	Is it true that Manila will not let me leave to go back to Narita to New York without a Japanese visa or a confirm ticket? I'm a green card holder. 
40626	Are traveler cheques still used when traveling to California, US	I am planning my trip to california (USA) this Spring.  Long long time ago I remember my dad using traveler cheque in Florida - I am wondering if this is still a thing that is used in the USA as a tourist?  I remember that he could use them to pay the bill in a restaurant or even get cash at nearly any place.  So to consider not carrying lots of cash around my 3 weeks trip is this still considered to be a good thing and is widely accepted? 
40648	From what point on the earth's surface could you view the most UK counties?	Investigating from where you could view the most UK counties is what prompted my previous question on the US - I know you can view up to eight counties from the Malvern Hills, and a number of travel programs I've watched often show points where you can see insert large number of counties from but I was trying to find where the most are visible from and haven't had any luck via Google. 
40678	Tourists visa refusal	Last december my friend was denied visa application.. by the Deutsche Botschaft Harare.they said the information provided provided for the intention of the visit was not sufficient.we did not remonstrate but my question now is...is it still possible to apply again a fresh application,will they allow him.he provided the letter from his employer but he didnt produce marriage certificate and birth certificates from his kids..can we do a new application? 
40686	Does Air Canada transfer bags to partner airline on same round trip ticket?	I have an Air Canada flight from Texas to Toronto and then off to Frankfurt.   At Frankfurt, I will have a 4 hour layover. From there I will depart to Cairo, and I will be on Air Canada, but operated by Lufthansa or LH Cityline (not sure which, this is what Expedia says).  The same question applies on the return:  Initial flight is from Cairo to Istanbul, I will be flying with Air Canada, but operated by Turkish Airlines. I have a 4 hour 40 min layover in Istanbul, and then back to Canada on Air Canada (Not a partner airline).   Does anyone know if they will transfer the baggage for each leg of the flight, or will I need to get the bags, go through customs and then recheck through security? Or, do I need to contact Air Canada for this information?  I booked the entire round trip on a single booking. So no multi-leg trips. This is just a round trip through Expedia.   Any advice/information will be helpful.   I did see this question/answer, but this doesn't seem to really apply: International connecting flight in Frankfurt, operated by different airline 
40682	Where can I go shark diving in the Mediterranean sea?	Going on a trip to South/East Coast Spain, North Coast Africa, and West Coast islands of Italy and want to find sharks.    Any info? 
40696	Need to disembark from train one station past what's shown on the ticket in India	My train ticket is from Gwalior to Yesvantpur but can I get off at the next station, Banasawadi? 
41693	UK transit visa required post December 2014 changes in visa rules?	My Parents are travelling from India to Usa on Jan 20th, 2015. They have Indian passports &amp; a valid US Visa(B1/B2). Travelling with British Airways &amp; have 7 hours layover in Heathrow, London. A known person of us were recently not allowed to board BA flight from Bangalore, since they didn't had a UK transit visa. They were EAD holders. Any information in this regard is appreciated..     
40691	Schengen area travel after Maltese residence permit expiry. Australian passport	Have been in Malta for over 90 days (since 28th Sept 2014) - though received a residence permit which expires 5th February.    Does this mean I cannot visit any other Schengen areas after this date?    My return flight leaves from Rome on February 20th and I was planning on visiting Spain, Hungary and The Netherlands before then. 
40691	Schengen area travel after Maltese residence permit expiry. Australian passport	Have been in Malta for over 90 days (since 28th Sept 2014) - though received a residence permit which expires 5th February.    Does this mean I cannot visit any other Schengen areas after this date?    My return flight leaves from Rome on February 20th and I was planning on visiting Spain, Hungary and The Netherlands before then. 
41714	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?	I am a UK citizen travelling to Fiji but I have to stop in LA for 24 hours before my flight on to Fiji. Do i need a visa? and how much will this cost? Also, with a transit visa, can I leave the airport in this 24 hour period? 
41731	Travelling to the US on B1 visa without a business purpose	(NOT a duplicate of Tourist Visa B1)  Earlier last year, I went to the US for a business trip. In preparation for it, even though I applied for a B1/B2 visa, I was granted a (seemingly rare) straight B1 visa.  That visa was granted for 3 years and is going to be valid for a long time. Right now, however, I'm looking to make another trip to the US, this time to visit a friend (so, no business intentions). Does this mean I have to explicitly apply for another, B2, visa all over again? Or, if I do travel with my current B1, I can avoid the problem somehow? 
41731	Travelling to the US on B1 visa without a business purpose	(NOT a duplicate of Tourist Visa B1)  Earlier last year, I went to the US for a business trip. In preparation for it, even though I applied for a B1/B2 visa, I was granted a (seemingly rare) straight B1 visa.  That visa was granted for 3 years and is going to be valid for a long time. Right now, however, I'm looking to make another trip to the US, this time to visit a friend (so, no business intentions). Does this mean I have to explicitly apply for another, B2, visa all over again? Or, if I do travel with my current B1, I can avoid the problem somehow? 
41742	How to find out the speed limit in the US?	As I recently learned on this site, US speed limits are not always posted on the street and can vary between different cities even in the same state.  Where do I find this information? Is there any (official) online resource preferably with other traffic related regulation that changes place to place? 
41765	Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?	My son was flying from a Rochester NY to Washington Dulles on flight 4578. They were to land, pickup passengers, then continue to Raleigh. The flight from Rochester was delayed so late arriving in DC. While in the air, the same flight number left DC to Raleigh - obviously different plane. How does that happen?  
41777	Do I need to leave the Schengen area between two 180-day periods?	I just can't find the answer I am looking for so I hope you can help me!  I am a bit confused because of the new rules from October 2013.  So we are Australian, and were in Schengen between 23/07/14 and 26/09/14 (66 days) and came back in 27/12/14 and the end of the 180 day period is 18/01/15 (23 days) ... so my question is... do we need to leave schengen for the new 180 day period to begin? And then we would get 90 days within the 180 day period?  We are in France, so thinking we could go to the UK or Andorra for a day (I just found out that Andorra is not Schengen, is this true?!)  Or is it that you can spend a maximum of 90 days in any 180 day period, so we couldn't spend 90 days from 20th january because we spent 23 days already (so could only spend 67 days until we need to leave). 
41779	Changing UAE dirhams to Singapore dollars	I am travelling from Dubai to Singapore and wanted to know if I should change my currency (UAE dirhams to Singapore dollars) in Dubai or when should i do that when I am in Singapore? Where will I get a good rate? 
41770	Is China Airlines safe?	I live in Sydney and I have bought a flight from Sydney to Christchurch - New Zealand next month. The company is China Airlines (CI) and I got concerned when I saw some lists considering it the least safe airline company, but I also have heard they improved in this aspect.  The aircraft is the A330-300. I checked the possibility of changing to Qantas and it would cost me 1500 dollars (almost one month of work)  Do you think I should change or CI is considered safe today? 
35327	Do I have to collect my luggage on connecting flights into Germany?	I am looking at flying from Newark International to Munich on Lufthansa, and then to Berlin-Tegel. I believe it is all booked as one trip; however, flights entering the United States require you to retrieve baggage and then re-check it after going through Customs. Is it the same for Germany?  I am somewhat worried because there is only 50 minutes between flights, and the waits for Customs and the baggage claim may be long. 
41765	Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?	My son was flying from a Rochester NY to Washington Dulles on flight 4578. They were to land, pickup passengers, then continue to Raleigh. The flight from Rochester was delayed so late arriving in DC. While in the air, the same flight number left DC to Raleigh - obviously different plane. How does that happen?  
41805	What does a flight code identify?	The title is very basic but I have a three-fold question about flight codes.  Who decides of a flight code, who uses it (or is expected to use it) and what does it mean?  We have a couple questions on the site about flight codes (usually called flight numbers). They deal with the fact that it can be flown by multiple airplanes, that it might (or might not) uniquely identify a set of origin, destination and departure time for flights or they deal with legality. I checked Wikipedia to learn more about it but while it seems to list what it is not (an airplane identifier) or list some traditions about numbering, it does not really define what it is (beside that it "identifies a flight", but I would think it defines a flight route, not just a flight).  So what does a flight code actually identify? A [commercial, passenger] flight route? Who decides/validates it? An airline, or the IATA, or some other organisation? And who is it intended for? Airports, airline employees as well as travelers? 
41805	What does a flight code identify?	The title is very basic but I have a three-fold question about flight codes.  Who decides of a flight code, who uses it (or is expected to use it) and what does it mean?  We have a couple questions on the site about flight codes (usually called flight numbers). They deal with the fact that it can be flown by multiple airplanes, that it might (or might not) uniquely identify a set of origin, destination and departure time for flights or they deal with legality. I checked Wikipedia to learn more about it but while it seems to list what it is not (an airplane identifier) or list some traditions about numbering, it does not really define what it is (beside that it "identifies a flight", but I would think it defines a flight route, not just a flight).  So what does a flight code actually identify? A [commercial, passenger] flight route? Who decides/validates it? An airline, or the IATA, or some other organisation? And who is it intended for? Airports, airline employees as well as travelers? 
41805	What does a flight code identify?	The title is very basic but I have a three-fold question about flight codes.  Who decides of a flight code, who uses it (or is expected to use it) and what does it mean?  We have a couple questions on the site about flight codes (usually called flight numbers). They deal with the fact that it can be flown by multiple airplanes, that it might (or might not) uniquely identify a set of origin, destination and departure time for flights or they deal with legality. I checked Wikipedia to learn more about it but while it seems to list what it is not (an airplane identifier) or list some traditions about numbering, it does not really define what it is (beside that it "identifies a flight", but I would think it defines a flight route, not just a flight).  So what does a flight code actually identify? A [commercial, passenger] flight route? Who decides/validates it? An airline, or the IATA, or some other organisation? And who is it intended for? Airports, airline employees as well as travelers? 
41765	Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?	My son was flying from a Rochester NY to Washington Dulles on flight 4578. They were to land, pickup passengers, then continue to Raleigh. The flight from Rochester was delayed so late arriving in DC. While in the air, the same flight number left DC to Raleigh - obviously different plane. How does that happen?  
41865	Flight booking comparison including amenity info (e.g. wifi, refreshments)	I'm a big fan of extra amenities while flying. The availability and pricing of things like wifi, power supply for my electronic devices and refreshments are key factors in my choice when booking a flight. Currently I rely on my knowledge of airline products (i.e. Porter has free glasses of wine or beer, Norwegian in Europe has free wifi, most Delta flights in the US have wifi but there's a fee to access the service). Is there a search engine or booking site where I can compare the availability and or pricing of such extras as wifi or refreshments when booking a flight?  I know Google Flights does indicate the availability of wifi, but they don't differentiate between flights where wifi is free (Norwegian) vs. where there is a fee for this amenity (Delta), moreover I've never seen them indicate that Lufthansa's transatlantic flights offer wifi, but most do. 
1642	China Airlines, safe?	I've got a long-haul flight booked with China Airlines (A330 and an A340) from LHR to SYD, and only after I booked it did I decide to read up on their safety record. Suffice to say I regret doing that; for example see their Wikipedia page.  Does anyone have any experience with China Airlines? Am I being a wuss?  I'm considering cancelling my flight (it's a long way off yet anyway) and rebooking with someone I've flown with before (Singapore or Virgin Atlantic probably).  Edit: Just to clarify, I understand all airlines have issues; however, I'm slightly concerned that China Airlines seem to tend to have more "and there were no survivors" kind of issues. 
41770	Is China Airlines safe?	I live in Sydney and I have bought a flight from Sydney to Christchurch - New Zealand next month. The company is China Airlines (CI) and I got concerned when I saw some lists considering it the least safe airline company, but I also have heard they improved in this aspect.  The aircraft is the A330-300. I checked the possibility of changing to Qantas and it would cost me 1500 dollars (almost one month of work)  Do you think I should change or CI is considered safe today? 
41875	Is it safe to travel from Singapore to Batam by ferry?	I have already read the general question here about ferry safety in Indonesia. However since the trip is supposedly only 20 miles, I am trying to find if it would be safe for a 20 member group to use this as a reliable means of transport both up and down from Singapore.    The primary reason to ask this question is that someone has already planned this trip and they did not seem to factor in the safety part at all and I need to either say yes to participate, no to participate or altogether shoot down the idea if it would be too unsafe for anyone. Reading this page on travelfish adds to the confusion.   Anyone have experience of this route?  Just so that I add the detail (in which spirit answers have been made) to ensure that this question isnt too broad or opinion based, I was only worried about accidents and personal life safety being a cause of concern. 
41901	transit visa at Istanbul airport for Egyptian citizen?	I'm holding Egyptian Passport, travelling from Cairo to Istanbul then to London ( Round Trip ). I'm using Turkish Air lines in all my flights.  I will stay less than 2 hrs each time.  Do I need a transit visa? 
41911	Journey from India (Bombay/Mumbai) to USA on ship	I'm planning to travel from India (Bombay/Mumbai) to USA on ship.  I'm a newbie and I don't know anything about freighter travel. I just want to know what are the possible ways of travel and also the respective time taken for the journey.   I need to be in USA by 1st of August, 2015. So when should I book my travel? 
41930	May I wwoof or exchange work for a bed in a hostel in Costa Rica as a tourist?	I am wondering about the rules for wwoofing (working in an organic farm for a part of the day in exchange for a bed and sometimes a breakfast/multiple meals) or work exchange (same thing but for other types of tasks) in Costa Rica.  I have read some question here for long-term residents in Costa Rica wanting to work. This shows that one cannot steal the work of a Costa Rican, in short, which is a rule common to many countries.  However, I would like to visit Costa Rica as a tourist, I will travel for most of my trip but I saw one hostel offering work exchange, a couple hours per day of work in exchange for a bed (I would not get paid). I am thinking it could be a good idea to extend my trip for a couple more days but I do not want to go against the law. It would not be my main activity. Also I do not need a visa as a tourist (I am a French citizen).  I have tried to find information on the wwoofing Costa Rica website but beside saying they do not provide a visa, they do not say if I need a specific visa for work exchange.  So I am wondering, could I do some work exchange (no money received) in Costa Rica as a tourist? 
41935	Transit Visa at Frankfurt	I am travelling from US to India, with an Indian passport but expired H1B visa in 2012 and approved I797A till 2015 and going there to get my H1B visa stamping . I have a stop at Frankfurt, Germany for 4 hours while flying to India. Do I need a transit visa for my trip? 
41992	Train Journey into Croatia from Italy	We will be spending some time in Italy during early July this year, and we will be finishing up in Verona.  The next part of our trip involves getting into Croatia from here which is proving to be slightly complicated whilst keeping to a travel preference of train over bus.  Originally I had planned to use a route I found using OBB's journey planner: Verona -&gt; Venice -(OBB ICBus)-&gt; Villach -(EC 213)-&gt; Zagreb   I've just had another look now and put in my travel dates, but I don't see this route in the route planner anymore so I'm trying to find alternative methods just in case.  I know there is a bus that runs from Trieste, so it could be possible for us to take a train to Trieste and then a bus to Croatia. According to this website there is a couple of buses which run along this route http://www.buscroatia.com  Either way, both methods will take roughly the same amount of time (leaving at approximately 10am and arriving at 8:30pm)  So my questions:   Am I by any chance looking too early for my original route to show up on the journey planners, or have the timetables been changed? Heading into Austria seems a bit out of the way, is there an easier way? I'm aware that there are no direct trains between Italy and Slovenia. If we take a connecting train in Austria, what happens in regards to 'entering the country/crossing the border' on arrival to Austria? We will only be in there for a couple of hours maximum until the connecting train comes. I don't believe we need a visa. (We're Australian) Weighing up the options, the bus from Trieste is seeming to be the most stress-free choice. Would it be wise to ditch my original plan and look at this option?   I've read the question How to get to Ljubljana (Slovenia) from Trieste (Italy) by Train? and to me some of the answers to connect between Italy and Slovenia seem to be a bit more involved than what I've planned out above.   I hope this question isn't too broad for this site, this is the only part of the trip left which is still a bit cloudy. 
41993	Can I plug French electronics into Russian sockets without an adaptor?	According to this page, Russian and French sockets/plugs are the same "shape", but in France we use 230 Volts while the Russians use 220 Volts. Will a laptop charger and other electronics work with Russian sockets? 
42005	How to check a large backpack?	When travelling on airlines based in the US with a large backpack, I prefer to carry the bag onto the plane as part of my hand baggage allowance.  Most foreign flag carriers, however, have a significantly more restrictive hand baggage allowance.  I was caught off guard by this one time on New Zealand airlines and received my backpack with multiple broken straps and clips.  I managed to repair it, and I'm still using the same pack, but I would like to avoid so many broken parts in the future.    Once, when flying Alitalia (flight was actually booked through Delta) I carried plastic wrap to the airport, and wrapped the entire bag in it before handing it over to the airline.  @jpatokal recommends putting it into a giant, heavy-duty garbage bag in his answer to this question.     What are the pros and cons of using plastic wrap or a garbage bag?   Can anyone recommend any other, more effective techniques?  
42010	Must I go first to the country that issued my Schengen visa, or can I go to another one first?	I got a multi-entry Schengen visa from France, and I have changed my mind and want to go to Portugal. As I am a student in England, can I go for a weekend?  What documents will they require in immigration? 
42005	How to check a large backpack?	When travelling on airlines based in the US with a large backpack, I prefer to carry the bag onto the plane as part of my hand baggage allowance.  Most foreign flag carriers, however, have a significantly more restrictive hand baggage allowance.  I was caught off guard by this one time on New Zealand airlines and received my backpack with multiple broken straps and clips.  I managed to repair it, and I'm still using the same pack, but I would like to avoid so many broken parts in the future.    Once, when flying Alitalia (flight was actually booked through Delta) I carried plastic wrap to the airport, and wrapped the entire bag in it before handing it over to the airline.  @jpatokal recommends putting it into a giant, heavy-duty garbage bag in his answer to this question.     What are the pros and cons of using plastic wrap or a garbage bag?   Can anyone recommend any other, more effective techniques?  
42002	Transit through UK on way from USA to India with passport valid for 2 months and 10 days beyond the date of transit	I am planning to travel with the following itinerary:   Delhi Dep. 24th of February 2015 for London  Stay in UK till March 10, 2015. Departure London on March 10 for Los Angeles. Departure from USA on Sep. 2,2015 via London Transit through Airport only.   My US visa is valid till July 2017 and my UK visa till July 8, 2015. My Passport is valid till Nov. 13, 2015 i.e. less than 6 months from my Transit through UK. In such a situation do I need to get my passport renewed before I commence my journey from New Delhi otherwise I shall not be allowed to visit UK? 
4361	How do I prevent my head from drooping while trying to sleep on a plane?	Even with the seat back lowered as far as it will go, my head droops forward when I try to sleep. This causes me to soon wake up with either a stiff neck or because of "the head jolt".  The neck cushions do not work. Putting one behind my neck is pointless because that does not prevent my head from drooping forward. And they are too small to be of much use in the front of my neck. 
42011	Visa for traveling to Italy	My visa will expire on 10 February. Can I still travel to Italy and come back before my visa expires?  
42016	As a married couple with different citizenship, should we pass through US immigration together or separately?	I will be married in March, and shortly after the wedding we will be traveling together to the US.  She does not have US citizenship.  So which rules do we follow?   Do I pass through the US Citizen lane, and her through the foreigner lane? Or do we pass together as a single family (and if so, through which lane)?  
42011	Visa for traveling to Italy	My visa will expire on 10 February. Can I still travel to Italy and come back before my visa expires?  
42032	Crossing Canadian border without a US passport?	My US passport is currently being renewed. This weekend, I will be visiting Niagara Falls, and I want to see the Canadian side too by walking over the Rainbow Bridge. I have with me a driver's license and a color copy of my old (but not expired) passport , which I know is technically not enough, but should I give it a try? If I am not let in on the other side, will the Canadians fine or detain me, or simply let me turn around? What will the Americans do when coming bacK? 
42032	Crossing Canadian border without a US passport?	My US passport is currently being renewed. This weekend, I will be visiting Niagara Falls, and I want to see the Canadian side too by walking over the Rainbow Bridge. I have with me a driver's license and a color copy of my old (but not expired) passport , which I know is technically not enough, but should I give it a try? If I am not let in on the other side, will the Canadians fine or detain me, or simply let me turn around? What will the Americans do when coming bacK? 
42036	Can you earn miles with different airlines for the same one flight, if they are part of the same loyalty program?	For example, I flew British Airways LAX-LHR. I wanted to get miles on Alaska Airlines so I sent in the boarding pass, etc and received credit.   I also have a mileage plan with American Airlines. Since British Airways is part of the Oneworld Alliance, can I also request to receive miles to my American AAdvantage account for this same flight? If so, will I lose the miles already credited to my Alaska account?  I'm not trying to be greedy.. just don't want to miss out on any miles. 
42067	Can I return to England from the US with a British passport only two months before expiry?	I am currently working in San Diego on a J1 Visa, and am contracted until the 23rd June. My passport expires on the 25 Aug. I plan to leave the country just before my contract ends (19-21st of June), and was wondering if I need to renew my passport before I do? Or if I can just wait until I'm back in England. 
42081	Visa for gap year in Europe	I am going to Europe in 2016 for a year for my gap year-I will be 18 and am from Australia.   My dream is to backpack for about 6 months, and au pair for about 3 months, yet this is extremely difficult with the Schengen Visa.   I was just wondering, if I obtained a Working Holiday Visa for Germany (au-pairing or possibly having a job assisting a photographer), and I only worked for 3-4 months; would the Working Holiday Visa allow me to travel around the Schengen area for the remaining year?  
42081	Visa for gap year in Europe	I am going to Europe in 2016 for a year for my gap year-I will be 18 and am from Australia.   My dream is to backpack for about 6 months, and au pair for about 3 months, yet this is extremely difficult with the Schengen Visa.   I was just wondering, if I obtained a Working Holiday Visa for Germany (au-pairing or possibly having a job assisting a photographer), and I only worked for 3-4 months; would the Working Holiday Visa allow me to travel around the Schengen area for the remaining year?  
42081	Visa for gap year in Europe	I am going to Europe in 2016 for a year for my gap year-I will be 18 and am from Australia.   My dream is to backpack for about 6 months, and au pair for about 3 months, yet this is extremely difficult with the Schengen Visa.   I was just wondering, if I obtained a Working Holiday Visa for Germany (au-pairing or possibly having a job assisting a photographer), and I only worked for 3-4 months; would the Working Holiday Visa allow me to travel around the Schengen area for the remaining year?  
42088	Transiting in Newark from terminal B to C	We are a Norwegian family traveling on United from Oslo via Heathrow then Newark to Toronto Pearson. We have almsot 90 minutes between the flight from Heathrow landing in terminal B (20:30) and the flight to Toronto leaving from terminal C (21:57). Do we have enough time to catch our flight to Toronto? Should we have checked inn luggage or should we only take handbags in order not to waste time? What do we have to do in Newark and how long does it usually take? This will be on a thursady evening! Thank you 
42088	Transiting in Newark from terminal B to C	We are a Norwegian family traveling on United from Oslo via Heathrow then Newark to Toronto Pearson. We have almsot 90 minutes between the flight from Heathrow landing in terminal B (20:30) and the flight to Toronto leaving from terminal C (21:57). Do we have enough time to catch our flight to Toronto? Should we have checked inn luggage or should we only take handbags in order not to waste time? What do we have to do in Newark and how long does it usually take? This will be on a thursady evening! Thank you 
42088	Transiting in Newark from terminal B to C	We are a Norwegian family traveling on United from Oslo via Heathrow then Newark to Toronto Pearson. We have almsot 90 minutes between the flight from Heathrow landing in terminal B (20:30) and the flight to Toronto leaving from terminal C (21:57). Do we have enough time to catch our flight to Toronto? Should we have checked inn luggage or should we only take handbags in order not to waste time? What do we have to do in Newark and how long does it usually take? This will be on a thursady evening! Thank you 
42091	How to stay awake while waiting for a plane	I have to travel by plane at 5 a.m from the Tunis airport in Tunisia. I don't have anywhere to spend the night since I live in another city. I have to get there 'early' because of transport availability. How can I stay awake the whole night? 
42112	Travelling to India via Germany with 2 stops, do i need transit visa?	I have Indian passport and USA H1 valid visa, will be travelling US and my itinerary is Mumbai – Munich – Frankfurt – San Francisco. This route has two stops in Germany, Munich – Frankfurt is German domestic flight. I am not sure if I would need a Schengen or Transit Visa. I was going through few German and Indian consulate visa website but I am not able to get the correct info, specially below two statements are confusing. Could you please help me with this?    In these five airports in Germany you can stay at the International Transit Area without a visa: 1.  Cologne/Bonn 2.  Düsseldorf 3.  Frankfurt/Main 4.  Hamburg  5.  Munich  Airport transit privilege does not apply in the following cases and you will need to get a visitor visa if: You are transiting through two or more airports in the Schengen Countries 
42112	Travelling to India via Germany with 2 stops, do i need transit visa?	I have Indian passport and USA H1 valid visa, will be travelling US and my itinerary is Mumbai – Munich – Frankfurt – San Francisco. This route has two stops in Germany, Munich – Frankfurt is German domestic flight. I am not sure if I would need a Schengen or Transit Visa. I was going through few German and Indian consulate visa website but I am not able to get the correct info, specially below two statements are confusing. Could you please help me with this?    In these five airports in Germany you can stay at the International Transit Area without a visa: 1.  Cologne/Bonn 2.  Düsseldorf 3.  Frankfurt/Main 4.  Hamburg  5.  Munich  Airport transit privilege does not apply in the following cases and you will need to get a visitor visa if: You are transiting through two or more airports in the Schengen Countries 
42132	Cure for departure anxiety in less developed countries?	I've been once or twice to places like India and I have a fear about leaving.  The fear is that I will place my suitcase for hold luggage on the belt and a little bit later my name will be called over the PA to go to the airport manager's office.  There they will show me my suitcase with bags of white powder inside it and accuse me of drug smuggling.  By that evening I will be in a hellish, roasting hell of a prison which stinks of excrement, surrounded by crazies and gang members, and forced to sleep with 20 others in a tiny cell. And that that will last for months and then years as the wheels of justice grind very very slowly.  Why should such drugs end up in my luggage?  In Japan some customs guys once did this as a "readiness test".  But they failed to tell security.  But equally, supposing some network of smugglers infiltrating airside put drugs in the wrong suitcase... or planned to pinch my suitcase somehow at the arrival airport before it came on to the carousel?  Presumably this doesn't happen very often, or we'd know about it.  But the anxiety actually ruins the last week or more of such trips to such countries for me!    Last time I left India I took only cabin luggage on the return flight... and the check-in staff were unhappy, saying that I could be fined (!) for having no hold luggage, the theory apparently being that if you have a suitcase this is proof you have bought some worthless trinkets in India, thereby helping their economy. 
42132	Cure for departure anxiety in less developed countries?	I've been once or twice to places like India and I have a fear about leaving.  The fear is that I will place my suitcase for hold luggage on the belt and a little bit later my name will be called over the PA to go to the airport manager's office.  There they will show me my suitcase with bags of white powder inside it and accuse me of drug smuggling.  By that evening I will be in a hellish, roasting hell of a prison which stinks of excrement, surrounded by crazies and gang members, and forced to sleep with 20 others in a tiny cell. And that that will last for months and then years as the wheels of justice grind very very slowly.  Why should such drugs end up in my luggage?  In Japan some customs guys once did this as a "readiness test".  But they failed to tell security.  But equally, supposing some network of smugglers infiltrating airside put drugs in the wrong suitcase... or planned to pinch my suitcase somehow at the arrival airport before it came on to the carousel?  Presumably this doesn't happen very often, or we'd know about it.  But the anxiety actually ruins the last week or more of such trips to such countries for me!    Last time I left India I took only cabin luggage on the return flight... and the check-in staff were unhappy, saying that I could be fined (!) for having no hold luggage, the theory apparently being that if you have a suitcase this is proof you have bought some worthless trinkets in India, thereby helping their economy. 
42155	On a trip from US to UK with a layover in Germany, at which point of my journey will I go through customs?	I am traveling from the United States to the UK in a few days, and I will have a checked suitcase. My layover is in Frankfurt, Germany. Since my final stop is in the UK. Will I go through customs in Frankfurt or in the UK? Also, the two legs of my trip will be with the same airline. 
42155	On a trip from US to UK with a layover in Germany, at which point of my journey will I go through customs?	I am traveling from the United States to the UK in a few days, and I will have a checked suitcase. My layover is in Frankfurt, Germany. Since my final stop is in the UK. Will I go through customs in Frankfurt or in the UK? Also, the two legs of my trip will be with the same airline. 
42183	Can I travel to Schengen countries from country other than the country where I applied and got my visa approved.	i.e   I applied and got approved my schengen visa in Singapore but i will be spending holidays in Philippines before my travel to Schengen countries, should I go back to Singapore or can i go directly to Schengen from Philippines. 
42200	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa?	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa? Where would be the easiest embassy to apply? What documents are needed? 
42200	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa?	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa? Where would be the easiest embassy to apply? What documents are needed? 
42200	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa?	South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa? Where would be the easiest embassy to apply? What documents are needed? 
42133	Sleeper Ticket Confirmation in Tatkal	I've booked 2 tickets (sleeper) in Tatkal Quota, The current PNR status shows  Passenger 1 : Confirmed and Passenger 2 : WL 1  So if my second ticket doesn't get confirmed? will it cancel both tickets?  I want both tickets to go together (both CNF on same coach, i've selected book when allotted same coach option) ? is there anyway to ensure that?  If not, whats the best way to cancel / get it refunded by cancelling? if i cancel one ticket my other one 'll get confirmed. but if i cancel both, it deducts some percentage in both tickets (but unconfirmed ticket 'll get refunded without any deduction) 
30246	Is 6 hours transit time enough to see something of Seoul?	I am flying to Tokyo in November, and I have the choice to go direct (paying extra) or transit via Seoul. Is 6 hours transit time enough to leave Incheon airport for a bit to see something of Seoul? It might make my trip more worthwhile to see something of South Korea too. I don't know much about the busyness of the airport around this time, and travel time between the airport and the city, so that's why I am asking. 
42206	Mobile phones and mobile internet in Italy	Buongiorno! Suppose I step down from the plain in Fiumicino. What is the fastest way to get hold of Italian SIM-card with some talking minutes and some Internet? The latter is more important than the former.  So, my requirements:   Good coverage in main cities (Rome, Venice, Milan, Florence) Good for 2 weeks (after that I'm going to leave the country, the SIM is going to lose its value anyway) Good for massive internet usage is in store for maps, orientation, etc. Cheap. :)   Now, I know that there are 3 main communication providers in Italy: Vodafone, Wind and the third one. :) Which one? Which one won't leave me destitute and won't sue me over the border months after for some unknown reasons? What I have to look for? 
42211	Do I have to go through customs in Houston?	YVR-IAH-international location Not American citizen nor Canadian. 
42212	Train or bus from Trieste to Ljubljana	I need info on how to get from Trieste to Ljubljana by bus or train. I have looked on many websites, written to tourist informations but did not get any reply. 
42212	Train or bus from Trieste to Ljubljana	I need info on how to get from Trieste to Ljubljana by bus or train. I have looked on many websites, written to tourist informations but did not get any reply. 
42211	Do I have to go through customs in Houston?	YVR-IAH-international location Not American citizen nor Canadian. 
42235	Not boarding at departure city	Can you book a flight from, say... San Diego to Cancun that has a plane change in L.A. and not board the flight in San Diego but rather in L.A.?  Say you "missed" your San Diego flight and were able to drive to L.A. in time for the flight from L.A. to Cancun, could you just go from there?  Some times flights are a lot cheaper leaving from one city as compared to another. 
42235	Not boarding at departure city	Can you book a flight from, say... San Diego to Cancun that has a plane change in L.A. and not board the flight in San Diego but rather in L.A.?  Say you "missed" your San Diego flight and were able to drive to L.A. in time for the flight from L.A. to Cancun, could you just go from there?  Some times flights are a lot cheaper leaving from one city as compared to another. 
42204	Not using my daughter's round trip ticket	My daughter is starting school in the US (we stay in Thailand) and my wife and I would like to accompany her back. There is a much better deal if we buy round trip tickets, but flying back would only be my wife and myself (contenting through China) . What will happen if my daughter doesn't use her ticket to return with us?  
42221	How can I get to Arusha, Tanzania from Nairobi, Kenya?	What are my options (methods, approximate prices, safety, and duration) in getting from Nairobi, Kenya to Arusha, Tanzania? I'll be in Nairobi and want to travel to Arusha to join a Mount Kilimanjaro tour operator that will help me climb the mountain.  I found that there are shuttle buses that drive between Nairobi and Arusha daily (e.g. here and here).  Although I've found info on TripAdvisor and other sites, I trust StackExchange more and figured I'd ask here too. If this type of question isn't suitable, I can remove it. 
42240	From what point could you view the most countries?	This question is inspired by this one, but takes it one step up. I'll phrase it in a similar manner as dlanod did:     A fairly simple question: from what single point could you see the   most countries? It seems like it should be a popular tourist   attraction.   This question lists 157 tripoints, however, there's also an almost quadripoint, where 4 countries Botswana, Namibia, Zambia, and Zimbabwe are very close to each other. From what I can tell, this is a very flat area so this place might not have the record.  So, from where on earth can you view the most countries?  
42240	From what point could you view the most countries?	This question is inspired by this one, but takes it one step up. I'll phrase it in a similar manner as dlanod did:     A fairly simple question: from what single point could you see the   most countries? It seems like it should be a popular tourist   attraction.   This question lists 157 tripoints, however, there's also an almost quadripoint, where 4 countries Botswana, Namibia, Zambia, and Zimbabwe are very close to each other. From what I can tell, this is a very flat area so this place might not have the record.  So, from where on earth can you view the most countries?  
42244	How to check if flights landed around a specific date/time at an airport?	Our flight was cancelled by BA from Amsterdam, apparently due to bad weather so they do not want to pay compensation.  However other flights took off. Can I check if other flights landed at Gatwick on the 4th Jan at around 21.00? 
42248	Disembark flight at unplanned refuelling stop, if the stop is same as ultimate destination?	Let's say I am travelling from India to Minneapolis.  Let us also assume that I like Emirates, and prefer flying on it. Let us also assume that I did not get any of the shorter flights to the US east coast, and hence have booked myself on the longer DXB-SFO flight.  Now, on the flight, due to unforeseen circumstances, the pilot announces that we have to refuel and MSP is the refuelling stop.  Can I get off at MSP?  I searched for similar questions, and all I found was: Can I opt to disembark on a stop over (if I am a national of that country) before the second leg of the journey? which deals with a flight that has a known, scheduled stop. 
42245	UK visa: transit versus visitor question	I have a Pakistani passport but living in Dubai, UAE, with residency visa. I also have a Shengen Visa as I have my family in France. I am planning to travel to France (from Dubai) in March and I also want to visit UK and the stay will be really short i.e maximum 1 to 2 days.  I was on the UK visa website and I got a little confused that which visa should I apply for, a transit visit visa or visitors visa?  I will be travelling from France to UK via train, there I will stay in UK for really short time and then back to France. 
42158	Can I go from Gatwick Airport station to London Bridge station?	Can I go from Gatwick Airport station to London Bridge station?  I have read that the train will not stop by London bridge due to construction, is this true?  I am travelling by the end of January. 
42287	Extra bag with Qatar Airways - Can i pay for an extra bag?	I am flying with Qatar Airways, Manchester to Melbourne, via Doha in March of this year. However I would like to check in an additional bag. However the website does not display a cost per bag, but simply per kilo. Why, when other airlines only charge £65 per extra bag (British Airways) do an airline such as Qatar not offer a similar service, but charge per Kilo. I am flying in 3 months so I have no idea how many kilos exactly I would need and to just pay for an additional bag seems so much more simple. Any help would be appreciated 
42287	Extra bag with Qatar Airways - Can i pay for an extra bag?	I am flying with Qatar Airways, Manchester to Melbourne, via Doha in March of this year. However I would like to check in an additional bag. However the website does not display a cost per bag, but simply per kilo. Why, when other airlines only charge £65 per extra bag (British Airways) do an airline such as Qatar not offer a similar service, but charge per Kilo. I am flying in 3 months so I have no idea how many kilos exactly I would need and to just pay for an additional bag seems so much more simple. Any help would be appreciated 
42275	Best option to get cheap flights for flying Vancouver to Geneva return 10 to 15 times	For the coming 5 years, my fiancee and I will travel once a year (maybe even twice a year for my fiancee) between from Vancouver to Geneva and return.  I know nothing about how one can accumulate miles and eventual other similar systems. Will that help us to get cheap flights? If not, what is our best option to get cheap flights over the 5 years? 
42293	I have multiple Schengen visa from Italy, can I transit in Holland for 2 hours before going to Italy?	I have been issued a multiple-entry Schengen visa from the Italian consulate, is it possible to do transit in Holland for 2 hours as I am traveling on KLM? 
42301	Travelling with 2 passports (different spelling)	There is already a great answer about travelling with two passports. What happens if the spelling in the passports is slightly different (due to alphabet transliteration into English?)  Let say a person has citizenship from countries A and B.  That person buys round trip ticket from A to B and back to A.  In theory that person should show the B passport when flying to country B and show the A passport when flying to A. This means the airline ticket spelling will mismatch one of the passports 
42307	Outstanding medical bills - will this prevent entry into the US?	I had my baby in America last year, and I paid part of the bills before leaving. But I lost my husband shortly after I returned home so I couldn't continue with the payment plan since I left so they took the debt to a collection agency. I have contacted the agency and am now paying according to the new payment plan am given.  I want to travel to the USA next month an I was wondering if the immigration will deny us entry. 
42331	Japanese style or themed accommodation in Melbourne	What Japanese-style or Japanese-themed accommodation is available in Melbourne?  I tried doing a search for ryokans in Melbourne, and while I've found a number of ryokans in countryside Victoria, which is the logical place to have ryokans, I haven't found any in Melbourne itself. Shizuka Ryokan is in the Daylesford/Hepburn Springs area, as is Daruma Ryokan, while Japanese Mountain Retreat (billed as a blend of ryokan culture and modern architecture) is in the Yarra Valley/Dandenong Ranges area. Japanese Slipper, which described itself as having "traditional and authentic simplicity" but doesn't call itself a ryokan, is 40 minutes from the CBD and close to the Dandenong Ranges.  Doing a search for minshukus in Melbourne didn't get any relevant results.  I'm willing to be very broad in my definition of Japanese style or Japanese themed accommodation. Anything with tatami or a futon would definitely count. Even a backpacker's hostel which is heavily Japanese themed would be ok, even though hostels are not very traditional. It should have reasonably good non-car transport access to the CBD, as I anticipate having dinner or going out to the pub in the CBD. 
42344	Are U.S. Citizens prohibited from travel to Crimea?	I have family in Crimea and would like to visit them. I've read executive order 13685 but am unsure how to interpret it. Are U.S. nationals prohibited from traveling or spending money in Crimea? Does spending money count as "investment". Would I even have to declare to customs on the way back that I traveled to Crimea, and if so would I be subject to Treasure Department/OFAC  investigation for this travel? I've heard that simply saying that I didn't spend money, and that all resources I consumed were gifts would get me through customs fine, is this a valid loophole? 
42344	Are U.S. Citizens prohibited from travel to Crimea?	I have family in Crimea and would like to visit them. I've read executive order 13685 but am unsure how to interpret it. Are U.S. nationals prohibited from traveling or spending money in Crimea? Does spending money count as "investment". Would I even have to declare to customs on the way back that I traveled to Crimea, and if so would I be subject to Treasure Department/OFAC  investigation for this travel? I've heard that simply saying that I didn't spend money, and that all resources I consumed were gifts would get me through customs fine, is this a valid loophole? 
42345	French citizen with Canadian residency to go to the US for the day	As a French citizen, living in Canada with a permanent residency, what kind of visa do I need if I want to go in the US for a day (or may be a few days)?  I also have a Canadian driving license, it that makes any difference  I would be going by bus or car from Canada, not by plane or boat (apparently the mode of transportation can be of significance). 
42358	Do I require a Transit Visa	Does a South African require a transit visa when travelling to Dublin via Frankfurt Airport? 
42363	Do I need a Transit VISA for staying at Heathrow airport only for 2 hours	I am Indian citizen. I am travelling to Stockholm, Sweden from Mumbai, India on 2nd February’15 &amp; returning back on 6th February’15, with all too &amp; fro tickets booked in advance.From same terminal.  Since I am staying at Heathrow Airport only for 2 hours while going to Stockholm &amp; 1 hour while coming back, request to know, do I need a transit visa?  I have applied for Schengen VISA to Swedish embassy which I will get by 28th Feb.’15. 
42376	Do tickets in coach typically get sold in the order of lowest/cheapest fare code first?	I feel like I'm like most people when shopping for a flight. I go to a website that compares prices for my trip and I make a choice based on some combination of lowest price, best times, and preferred airline.   If it's true that the vast majority of coach class tickets are sold this way, is it likely that for a given flight, tickets are sold in order of the cheapest available fare code first? Therefore, from the perspective of one's chance at a complementary upgrade, at the time anyone buys their ticket, they are probably getting one that has the highest-priority fare code yet sold for that flight?  I'm asking because I recently bought a ticket only a few days ahead of the departure date. It was expensive, but still had a relatively low-priority fare code (I expected a much higher-priority fare code).  If the above assumptions are true, this should still be one of the highest fare codes yet sold for this flight, correct? 
42380	How do non-English speakers navigate through international airports (specific question about Amsterdam)	A relative will visit me in Amsterdam. She does not speak English or any other major language, nor has much experience with air travel. How do people in similar situations find their way?   She will arrive with a flight from outside the Schengen area, but she does not need a visa for EU. The airline is from her country, so until landing there will be no language barriers. However, afterwards, I don't know how will she find her way to the passport control (and talk with the officer), and so on. Schiphol is an easy airport to navigate, but still difficult for someone who is not used to airports and air travel, and without the knowledge of a major language.  What am I supposed to do? Does the airport organise assistance in such cases?  I will be waiting outside after the customs, but as far as I know there is no way for me to go "any closer" than that. 
42376	Do tickets in coach typically get sold in the order of lowest/cheapest fare code first?	I feel like I'm like most people when shopping for a flight. I go to a website that compares prices for my trip and I make a choice based on some combination of lowest price, best times, and preferred airline.   If it's true that the vast majority of coach class tickets are sold this way, is it likely that for a given flight, tickets are sold in order of the cheapest available fare code first? Therefore, from the perspective of one's chance at a complementary upgrade, at the time anyone buys their ticket, they are probably getting one that has the highest-priority fare code yet sold for that flight?  I'm asking because I recently bought a ticket only a few days ahead of the departure date. It was expensive, but still had a relatively low-priority fare code (I expected a much higher-priority fare code).  If the above assumptions are true, this should still be one of the highest fare codes yet sold for this flight, correct? 
42387	Does AirCanada provide long layover (24+ hr) accommodation?	Once I flew from Milano Malpensa, Italy, to Entebbe, Uganda, with Turkish Airlines. After booking the flight (yes, I was young and stupid) I realized I had a 24+ layover in Istanbul so I called Turkish Airlines and I asked if they had some kind of accommodation and, to my big surprise, they booked a 4* hotel for me all for free.  I haven't had any other long layover since so I'm not sure whether this is common or not.   My question is: I'm flying AirCanada to Cuba with a long layover to Toronto, am I eligible for some kind of airline-paid accommodation?  
42411	Are battery packs allowed in hand luggage?	When flying, are you allowed to bring battery packs / power banks? I'd like to bring my ACC 10400mAh Power Bank on several flights. 
42413	International travel with ORIF, a surgical procedure which puts metal plates to join bones in limbs	I recently had a road accident and broke my left forearm bones badly. This was fixed via a surgery called ORIF. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internal_fixation). This required joining my bones using steel wires/plates.  This means I will beep on any metal detector checks at airports. Do I need to carry any special documents to pass through airport security? 
42411	Are battery packs allowed in hand luggage?	When flying, are you allowed to bring battery packs / power banks? I'd like to bring my ACC 10400mAh Power Bank on several flights. 
42401	Do Chinese customs agents check the contents of Kindles and notebooks?	I have books on my Kindle with content that would probably make them ask more questions. It is nothing illegal or even questionable in most countries, but it would lead them to ask questions I don't want asked. I have similar content on my smartphone.  Also, do they check normal pen and paper notebooks? Like do they flip through them and read them?  I'll be carrying them on and traveling on a tourist visa if that makes any difference.  Edit: I don't know if it makes a difference, but I'm flying into one airport in China then getting a connecting flight to another domestic airport.  
42451	Using a Schengen visa from the Spanish embassy in Greece?	I'm planning to to start my travel in Barcelona and then head off to Greece, Santorini.  Do I have to apply for a separate Schengen visa for Greece? I'll stay longer in Barcelona. 
42465	Visa requirements for Filipino traveling to Costa Rica via South Korea and USA	I'm from Philippines and planning to visit Costa Rica.  Do I need a transit visa to go through Dallas Texas.   Airlines: Philippines and American. Departing: Manila Philippines. Arriving: San Jose Costa Rica,   Route: Manila - Seoul, Seoul - Dallas Texas, Dallas Texas. - Costa Rica.  I just have my Passport, a plane ticket and a letter of invitation. 
42487	1.5 hour layover long enough?	I'm going to be traveling to Germany from the US, and on the flight back that is preferable for other reasons, we'll be going Nuremberg-Frankfurt, then have 1.5 hours, then - Chicago.  Is that long enough for that stage?  I'm not an experienced international traveller (I've never been on that side of the Atlantic, for example), and I'm somewhat concerned about what might happen if my puddle-jumper gets delayed (as I'm sure they do from time to time).    (Unfortunately, the other option is a 5 hour layover; that seems to me to be just short enough that we can't really go see anything (not that FRA has much to see from what I've read) and long enough my two toddlers will dislike it if we stay at the airport.) 
42488	Buying tech merchandising in New York	I've been browsing some websites like   Microsoft merchandising Google Merchandise Shop   and I want to buy some stuff. I live in Argentina, so I don't want to buy online because (a) the shipping costs are way too high, and (b) I might not even get it (yeah, the postal service in my country is so bad).  Is there any physical place in New York where I can get this kind of stuff? And if there isn't, can I buy it online and put the hotel address? 
42478	flying inside the USA	Can I fly from Miami to Tampa without a passport? I just have my foreigner ID from Paraguay. I don't have my passport with me. My ID has a picture and full name. In addition, I have my identification from school (Eckerd College). 
42456	Is it possible to buy a computer monitor and HRM watch in Colombo, Sri Lanka duty-free airport shops?	I'd like to take a monitor with me as a checked baggage, but it is an international flight with one change so it seems quite risky. So I would like to buy one at Colombo Airport duty-free shop. Do they sell monitors there? Would it be cheaper than buying it somewhere in Sri Lanka after arrival?  Also I'd like to buy some HRM watch, either Polar, or Garmin, or FitBit, or smth. Do they sell such things in airport duty-free shops? 
42418	Bringing electronics to India?	I'm planning to enter India with electronics in my luggage.   1) What's the duty-free limit depending on:   Method of travel (flight, car, train, boat) Visa type (tourist, business, family) Residency status (resident in India, resident elsewhere) Citizenship (e.g. Indian citizen resident in America) National origin (Indian, Pakistani, other) Type of electronics Country of purchase (e.g. an iPad bought in India) Age (e.g. children traveling with me) Number of people traveling with me (e.g. 5 people carrying 3 laptops)   2) How would the customs employees determine the cost of the items I'm holding? Would it help to repackage the items to make them look used?  3) Is it likely that I would be inspected by customs at the airport?  4) If I do have to pay duty, what amount can I expect to be charged?     Note that this is a broad question based on   this meta-travel   discussion. Replies should ideally be posted as a community wiki.  
42401	Do Chinese customs agents check the contents of Kindles and notebooks?	I have books on my Kindle with content that would probably make them ask more questions. It is nothing illegal or even questionable in most countries, but it would lead them to ask questions I don't want asked. I have similar content on my smartphone.  Also, do they check normal pen and paper notebooks? Like do they flip through them and read them?  I'll be carrying them on and traveling on a tourist visa if that makes any difference.  Edit: I don't know if it makes a difference, but I'm flying into one airport in China then getting a connecting flight to another domestic airport.  
42511	Expired visa, can I still fly inside US without risk?	I am a foreigner and my student visa expired last month. I do have an American drivers license valid til the end of 2016. Can I still fly inside of US without being afraid they will check my papers and try to get me out of the country? I haven't used any of my European IDs or passport in 2 years since I got the US ID so I haven't been showing them off, been feeling pretty secure with my license. What you think? 
42511	Expired visa, can I still fly inside US without risk?	I am a foreigner and my student visa expired last month. I do have an American drivers license valid til the end of 2016. Can I still fly inside of US without being afraid they will check my papers and try to get me out of the country? I haven't used any of my European IDs or passport in 2 years since I got the US ID so I haven't been showing them off, been feeling pretty secure with my license. What you think? 
42541	How do oil prices impact flight prices?	At the beginning of 2015 we have seen an important drop in the cost of oil. While drivers could see a pretty fast difference when filling their gas tanks, I do not see any difference in flight prices.   I know the cost of oil in flight costs is important. It is even often priced to customers as a "fuel surcharge". I expect it is hard to predict the cost of a flight months on advance when tickets are sold.  So I am curious if airlines commonly practice some kind of price buffering regarding the cost of oil. As an airline customer, should I expect prices to vary in case of important variations of the cost of oil? And in that case, is there any knowledge of how long it takes for flight prices to reflect the cost of oil? I suppose that the reflection of the cost will be faster if the costs increase than if they decrease anyway. 
42550	How easy/hard is it to backpack to Taiwan knowing only English?	My main concern would be the language barrier. I'm quite aware through some of my Taiwanese friends in Taiwan, English is not widely spoken.   What should I do to prepare myself for a future Taiwan trip? 
42556	Is the Iran banking system cut off even from its neighbouring countries on good terms with it?	I'm hoping to travel to Iran in the next six months and I'm aware that it's difficult to access "western" banks via ATM networks, bank transfer, etc.  But do the sanction even apply to countries that are "friends" with it in that part of the world?  I have friends in Kuwait, Georgia, and Armenia, who might possibly be able to help me get a bank account in their country or send me money after I get to Iran.  Is anything like this possible?    Yes yes I know I can carry huge amounts of cash in dollars or euros from my previous country and change it to a huge amount of Iranian cash after I arrive. I suppose I'm the only person in Stack Exchange who feels no qualms carrying large amounts of cash across border crossings I've never experienced before and around a country I've never experienced before for an unspecified period of time. 
38686	Do you need driving license when renting scooter in Malaysia/Thailand?	I'm aware of IDP, but I've read that I don't need one as some companies rent the scooters just on the passport.  If it's so, what risk do I have renting a scooter when having non-IDP EU driving license (cat. B)?  In example when stopped by police, I'm driving illegally? If yes, I'm assuming also that in case of any accident, my travel insurance won’t cover any costs?  Or you don't need a driving license when driving a scooter under certain power output?  Does it make any difference if I'm on tourist island (such as Langkawi, Phuket, Ko Samui) far from the city? 
42557	One prepaid SIM for 4 weeks of travel in both the US and Canada?	I'm planning to visit the US and Canada in summer (4 weeks, road trip along the east coast), and I'd like to have mobile internet while being there.  Are there any reasonably priced prepaid SIM options that cover both countries? 
42600	Single name repeated as first name and last name on Schengen visa	I have only a single name on passport. On visa, my first name is repeated as last name. On visa, it is showing as Karan Karan while on passport it is 'Karan''. Would it pose any problem. 
42603	How to book a free rebooking flight in a multi flight segment with Lufthansa?	I want to book three flights on the same ticket: Flight 1 from A to B, a couple of days later flight 2 from B to C and around two months later flight 3 from C back to A. I know the exact dates for flight 1 and 2, but I want to be able to rebook flight 3 if necessary.  Lufthansa offers Economy Flexible (instead of Economy restricted) tickets for exactly these cases that allow for free rebooking. However, I can't find a way to book such a Economy Flexible ticket only for flight 3, I have to do it for all 3 flights. What are my options? 
42612	Can I expect problems flying to the Netherlands with a damaged Albanian passport?	My passport has been damaged by my dog. He ate a little of it.     I have to fly to the Netherlands for a few days. Is there likely to be a problem? 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42645	Sri Lanka: visa requirements and possibility of visa on arrival at airport?	I'm am European (French) and plan a holiday in Sri Lanka.  Do I need to apply for a visa to stay there for 3 weeks?  If yes, do I have to get the visa before going there (ie. through ambassy) or can I simply get it when I arrive (at the airport)?  I found this ETA website for the electronic visa but it kinda looks old so I'm unsure if I should take this seriously. 
42648	Would it be necessary to have UK visa?	We are all Indian passport holders. We plan to travel in 2 groups to Vienna from Mumbai.   The first group goes BOM-LHR-JFK-LHR-Vienna-LHR-BOM. Everybody in this group will have valid visas for USA &amp; Schengen. Would it be necessary to have UK visa?  The second group goes BOM-LHR-Vienna-LHR-BOM. Everybody in this group will have valid visas for Schengen. Would it be necessary to have UK visa?  
42655	From Haneda airport to Narita with same airlines	We will arrive in Haneda airport at 7:10am and connecting flight from Narita is 11:15am to US.  Is there enough time to catch my next flight?  I've confirmed with UA that we don't need to pick up our luggages during the connecting flight but have to go thru immigration that usually may take an hour.  What's the best way not to miss our next flight?  Is there a fast lane for immigration and direct transportation from one airport to the other?  What if I miss the flight?  Will UA give us the next availability flight without penalty?  Thank you so much for any feedback! 
42666	Supplying your own needle for Blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit	For the blood test (if still required) (see Current blood test requirement for Kurdistan residency permit) can one supply one’s own needle?    Details of what is involved, in medical terms, would also be appreciated. 
42668	Form for blood test in connection with Kurdistan residency requirement	Whether or not a blood test is required at present (see Do I still need a blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit?), what does/did the form available from the residence office look like and what details does/did it request? 
42616	Airline pricing website with multiple destinations	Are there any airline pricing websites which displays prices to 5 airports from a departure location in just one search? I know I could try getting the pricing as 5 different searches, but would like to know whether there exists such a website or an option on the popular sites like Kayak.com?  The rationale behind this is to know the lowest cost to fly to any of these airports to get to the final destination. I searched through the questions, but am not able to find one that answers this query. 
42693	Recalling the train/seat details for a SNCF ticket loaded onto your Voyageur card?	One of the advantages of the SNCF Voyageur program (as touched on in this existing question here) is VOTRE CARTE CONTIENT VOTRE BILLET. This means that when booking your ticket online, you can enter your Voyageur membership number for getting points, and opt to have your ticket "loaded" onto your card. You then don't need to collect or print tickets, you just show your Voyageur membership card during a ticket check, which gets scanned much like tickets do. (Show them the QR code on the back, they scan it with their handheld device, it goes green, all good!)  One disadvantage of this is that you don't have a handy ticket with train times on it, and especially not seat numbers. This can make boarding a little tricky.  Obviously you can hunt through your emails to find the booking confirmation, and look up the train + seat details from that. You can also write down the details or print them out, but that's an extra thing to loose, and partly negates the point of the card!  Is there perhaps an app for your phone or tablet from SNCF, where you enter your Voyageur card details, and it tells you about seat+train details for upcoming trips? (Ideally with caching for offline use!). Or can you show your card to someone at the station to recall the details? Or a ticket machine? Or something else for when you're at a station with no internet, knowing your're on a train "about quarter past 8" with no idea of what seat, and only a best guess of if that means the 8:12 or 8:22! 
42667	Lounge in Doha?	We are travelling to Bangkok through Doha with Qatar Airways (economy). Is there a priority pass lounge there? We are from Denmark and have a private banking priority pass and a platinum Mastercard. 
42717	I have an Austria permanent resident card for alien. Do I need a transit visa in London?	I will fly from Shanghai to Munich through London. I have a Chinese passport and an Austria permanent residence card for alien. Do I need a transit visa in London? 
42721	Searching for flights to "Anywhere" in narrow time frame	Is there any website that allows searching for (cheap) flight to any destination in a narrow time frame? Ideally I look for the cheapest flights while specifying only:   Departure airport (bonus if including nearby airports) Time of departure and return within a few hours   Longer version: I like traveling around over the weekend. Often I fly out Friday evening after work and fly back on Sunday afternoon/evening/night to be back at work on Monday morning. Sometimes I even take an early flight on Monday morning and head straight to work. It doesn't really matter where I go and in fact I like to get as much variation as possible in my destinations. I just pick wherever flight happen to be cheap for a certain weekend. I am aware of website that allow to search for flights to "Anywhere", but for those that I am aware of you can only specify the days. Then, you get a list with destinations whereto flights are cheap, you pick one destination and get options for that destination. At this point you often can specify a time frame using some slider. This is then the point where you find out that the flights are leaving at impossible times (e.g. leaving on Friday morning while I'm still at the office). So, instead of having to specify the time range for each destination separately, I look for a website that allows me to specify this restriction for all destinations in one go.  Popular related questions, but not the same: How can I do a “broad” search for flights? and Cheapest flight to anywhere at any given time Those are both about flexible dates.  If no global solution exists, I will also accept an answer that works for the departure town that I care about (Brussels). 
42721	Searching for flights to "Anywhere" in narrow time frame	Is there any website that allows searching for (cheap) flight to any destination in a narrow time frame? Ideally I look for the cheapest flights while specifying only:   Departure airport (bonus if including nearby airports) Time of departure and return within a few hours   Longer version: I like traveling around over the weekend. Often I fly out Friday evening after work and fly back on Sunday afternoon/evening/night to be back at work on Monday morning. Sometimes I even take an early flight on Monday morning and head straight to work. It doesn't really matter where I go and in fact I like to get as much variation as possible in my destinations. I just pick wherever flight happen to be cheap for a certain weekend. I am aware of website that allow to search for flights to "Anywhere", but for those that I am aware of you can only specify the days. Then, you get a list with destinations whereto flights are cheap, you pick one destination and get options for that destination. At this point you often can specify a time frame using some slider. This is then the point where you find out that the flights are leaving at impossible times (e.g. leaving on Friday morning while I'm still at the office). So, instead of having to specify the time range for each destination separately, I look for a website that allows me to specify this restriction for all destinations in one go.  Popular related questions, but not the same: How can I do a “broad” search for flights? and Cheapest flight to anywhere at any given time Those are both about flexible dates.  If no global solution exists, I will also accept an answer that works for the departure town that I care about (Brussels). 
42730	College Student and travel Visas	I am traveling form Chicago O’Hare to Stockholm (two hour layover), and then going to London Heathrow. On my way back, I am going from Heathrow to Copenhagen for two hour layover, then back to O’Hare. Am I going to need a visa at any of these airports? If so, how do I get one? I am a college student and worried because I have never been out of the country by myself before.  Thanks so much, Anna 
33686	I need to book a round-trip ticket and a one-way ticket on the same flight?	I'm trying to book a flight for two people including myself. My partner is flying from Manchester to Boston on the 6 November, and I'm flying back with him to Manchester on the 15 November (this date is flexible, but not any later than 16 November, because of work). Is there a way to do this so that we can be on the same flight back?  I found a round-trip flight for him that's $710. However, a one-way flight for me on this flight is around $1345. I found this price by going to the airline's website and checking those flights.  Is there some option that I'm not considering in this situation?  
42739	Flying to Europe with children: preparing for time change	I'm flying to Europe with my family this spring, which is my wife and I and two children (will be 2 and almost 4).  We're flying Lufthansa, with flights like so:   To Europe: 9:30pm (UTC-6) - 2:30pm (UTC+1) transatlantic, stopover, hop 5:00pm-5:30pm to final destination (stay 1 week) From Europe:  8:00am - 8:30am (UTC+1) hop, then 10:00am (UTC+1) - 12:00pm (UTC-6) transatlantic.   Our children are moderate to poor sleepers, but on domestic flights have done okay with sleeping during 'night' times.  Should we attempt to alter their sleep schedule so that they sleep in a different time than normal (such as a bit later or earlier), or allow them to sleep the first part of the  (to Europe) transatlantic flight as they normally would?  And for the return flight, which is on a saturday (so we have a day of rest before going back to preschool/etc.), same - should they sleep as normal the night before, or should we try to get them to bed 'late' (which is very easy for us) so to be closer to a US sleep schedule (and sleep part of the flight?)   We're partially concerned not only about sleep schedule and timezone adjustment, but sleeping on the plane itself - they're at a difficult age for long flights, and 10 hours on the plane seems difficult.  They're both boys, and both very very active, so they'll want to move around a lot.  Is that a problem (this is on an A-340, and probably a middle row given there are 4 of us)?  On domestic flights moving around isn't usually encouraged (even long-ish 3-4 hour ones) from our past experience.  For ourselves we'll probably try to skimp on sleep on the flight there, so to be in a closer to European pattern when we arrive. 
42773	What happens if my middle name is my last name on my airline ticket?	I am traveling JetBlue to go to Florida from Massachussets and I realized after receiving my confirmation code that instead of my name going first-middle-last it goes -first-last-middle ... will this be a problem? I already contacted them but they have not emailed me back. Everything is spelt correctly there is just a mismatch of my name. Should I worry about not being able to board? My flight is about a month away so I'm trying to deal with it now.  
42791	How strict are the airlines if one's bag is only 2cm bigger than the rule?	If a carryon bag is 2cm bigger than the stated measurements I was curious as to how many airlines or which airlines in particular are known to enforce the rules most or all of the time? I presume a discount airliner such as Easyjet might even make you check your bag??  Edit: I'm not looking for anecdotes as to make it broad but more towards how do airliners run the bag checks? The methods? And, how these things might make easy to bypass or not. Not looking for something that just depends on the random mood of the checker but how each airline runs their checks every. single. time.  
42804	Can I choose in which page of my passport is a visa going to be stamped?	When applying for a visa that takes up one whole page on a passport, is it possible to request it to be pasted on a certain page? I would like to reserve the front pages for my working visa, but I'll be applying for a Russian visa for travel before that. 
42822	How to set foot in Antarctica?	I have heard that there are scientific bases in Antartica. Can a person have a 2 - 5 days of stay in Antartica. How can I reach there? 
42825	How often can a U.S. passport holder exit/enter Morocco?	Does anyone how many times a year one can enter and exit and RE-ENTER Morocco as a United States passport holder? For instance, Schengen countries have the 90/180 rule. I've looked everywhere for the information and there is nothing out there, making me think it's a non-issue, but I'd like to make sure! 
42830	Tube delay on a cross-London rail transfer, who to claim compensation from?	This is another wrinkle on the existing For a UK rail delay, which train company do you claim compensation from question. Assume you buy a ticket from a London tube station to your destination, which therefore includes a tube journey at the start. (Such a ticket might be a "London U12 to Cambridge", for example)  On such a journey, the tube is suspended, and you consequently arrive at the National Rail station to commence the train part of your journey much later than you should have done. As such, you get to your final destination late.  Were it Train+Train, first train delayed, then the answers in this question would cover it. However, in this case, the initial delay is caused by the tube (operated by Transport for London / London Underground), and not a train. In this case, who should you be approaching for delay compensation? TFL, responsible for the initial delay? Or the rail company who first carried you after the delay, as the first train company you dealt with?  (I tried asking TFL, they said that as I was travelling on a rail ticket I had to contact the first train company instead. Contacted them, they said talk to TFL. I therefore need to work out who should be responsible to re-complain to, since both are pointing the finger at the other...) 
38201	Do F-1 students need a visa to visit Paris and Amsterdam during layovers?	I am an Indian citizen with F-1 status travelling from the U.S. to India. I am going to have a layover of 12 hours in Paris while on my way to India and another layover of 6 hours in Amsterdam while returning from India. Do I need any visas for sightseeing Paris and Amsterdam during the respective layovers? 
42840	Exchanging japanese yens into US dollars for an upcoming trip to USA, how to get the best rate?	I will be shortly travelling to the United States, and I just found some japanese Yen bills that were sleeping in a drawer, for a significant amount.  I would like to change them into US Dollars for the upcoming trip.  In order to get the most out of that sum, which currency exchange office along my route is likely to charge the smallest commissions, between the following places?   Geneva airport New York City airports Somewhere in NYC as we will be transferring between airports Orlando airport Somewhere in Orlando, any place that offers currency exchange  
42817	Online seat reservations with a JR-Pass	I am planning to travel to Japan and have recently bought a JR-Pass.   I am looking into making free seat reservations for some of the trains beforehand, but could not find a way to do this. I did some research on this topic and the most common answer seems to be that only JR East provides an online reservation system with English interface. This seems to imply that there is a website that allows to reserve seats in Japanese.   Is there a way for a non Japanese speaker to book seats (notably for JR Central and JR West)?   I am thinking maybe an illustrated manual on how to use the website in Japanese which makes it possible to use it or something along those lines. 
42880	Travel to the United Kingdom visa free for non-EU family member of EU Citizen	I am citizen of Uzbekistan, and I am living in Czech Republik 7 years, I do hold a permanent Resident card - Family member of EU Citizen.  Me, my boyfriend (he is Czech citizen) and our son (Czech citizen) would like to travel together for 5 days to United Kingdom (London).  Do I need a visa before travel?   I did find information on Internet that:  The UK cannot block family members who are originally from outside Europe but now live in the EU entering the country without a visa, European judges say.  Non-EU family members do not need visa to enter UK, says European court Judges’ decision in McCarthy case is another setback in campaign by British government to control immigration from EU. 
42883	Skipping second leg when transferring in Vienna	I booked a flight BUD-VIE-ZRH a while ago. It looks like I will need to go to a meeting in Vienna anyway around those dates, so I am thinking about skipping the second leg of my Austrian flight. I can't rebook at all since it was a very cheap ticket. I know the 'rules' and problems about hidden-city ticketing in general (e.g. Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight? ), but I have a few specific questions for my transfer in Vienna.   I heard that Vienna is well organised for short transfers (30 minutes in my case), with buses collecting passengers for a specific onward flight. Can I just ignore them or will they have a list of names etc.?  I will be travelling with hand-luggage only. My first flight is on a Bombardier Dash 8, and I fear that I will be forced to "deliver at aircraft". In Vienna, can I collect my DAA bag when leaving the aircraft or will it go onto some belt or even worse, directly to one of those buses?  
42887	Flight search tool for multiple travelers from different cities to a single destination city	Are there any flight search engines for planning a group get-together with the cheapest flight costs?  For instance, suppose a small company gathering (much like the one I'm currently planning!), with employees in the following cities:   Wichita, KS San Francisco, CA Seattle, WA Chicago, IL   We want a single city (likely one of the four on the list, but it wouldn't have to be), with the cheapest combined round-trip air fare for a 3-4 day gathering.  Are there any tools (free, or otherwise) to do this sort of search? 
42892	Meeting someone at the airport gate in the US?	As of quite awhile back you're not able to meet people at the gate of the arriving flight.  However, I've come across certain sites like Churchill Executive Cars, which offers a concierge service that supposedly allows an agent of the company to meet the client at the gate or even on the tarmac and help them through the Immigration and Customs this one specifically in JFK but they offer similar service in other major New York Area airports.     VIP TARMAC      Additionally, we have tarmac service available that would allow a passenger to de-board the plane directly onto the tarmac where their luggage will be loaded into a private car, taken to a private immigration area, and then dropped with a Churchill Executive Cars driver outside the terminal to take them to their final destination.      VIP ARRIVALS      On arrivals, we will have a Churchill Executive Cars Agent meet the passengers at the gate when they de-board the airplane. The agent will have a sign with the passenger's name and Churchill logo and have a baggage porter ready to carry their carry-on bags. The agent will then whisk them through fast-track immigration and customs, and pass the passengers along to the Churchill Executive Cars driver to be taken to their final destination.   Now if this is true there is a way for someone to have clearance to go airside to meet a person but I was unable to find any references on how such a clearance can be attained.  So is this real?  And can this be done by an Average Joe? 
42874	How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?	I'm planning to go to Indonesia this summer. However, Ramadan, where Muslims have to fast during the daytime, is going to be from June 18th to July 16th this year (2015).   I'm planning to go to Bali, Java, Sumatra and Sulawesi. Except for Bali, all of those regions are predominantly islamic. I have heard that during the last week of Ramadan and the following week, most Muslims in Indonesia are on holiday and are visiting their home towns and families and that thus public transport is very overcrowded during this time.    How much is a traveler/backpacker affected by Ramadan? 
42902	Is Dubai visa required to get luggage for an Egyptian citizen?	I am Egyptian living in Cairo and I am planning my honeymoon in the Philippines. I booked 2 different flights that are not connected.  One flight will be Cairo to Dubai on Qatar airways then the next day is Dubai to Manila on Cebu Pacific. My plan was to stay in Dubai airport hotel or something until my Cebu Pacific flight. My question is do I need a visa to Dubai?  I know that Egyptians in general need visas. But in my case since I am not leaving the airport do I still need a visa in order to get my luggage? I hope I get an answer I really don't want to face any problems in my honeymoon. 
42913	Schengen visa extension	I have a Schengen visa that has a 90 days validity and will be expiring by the 25th of February, 2015. I got an Internship and thought I could renew or extend my visa from here (Geneva) but was told that I have to go back to my country (Nigeria) for a new visa. The visa procedure takes a month and there is a conference that I would like to attend by March which means if I should go back end of this month, I may not make it to the conference due to the long application period. Is there any way possible for me to have the extension here until March? 
42920	Reentry possible on exisiting visa or do I require a different visa?	I have a short-stay, multiple-entry Schengen visa that expires in 2016. I entered Europe on the 23rd December 2014 and stayed there until the 15th January 2015 (24 days).  Now I want to go to Europe from 22nd May 2015 till 29th August 2015.    Is it possible with my existing visa or do I need a long-term one? 
42913	Schengen visa extension	I have a Schengen visa that has a 90 days validity and will be expiring by the 25th of February, 2015. I got an Internship and thought I could renew or extend my visa from here (Geneva) but was told that I have to go back to my country (Nigeria) for a new visa. The visa procedure takes a month and there is a conference that I would like to attend by March which means if I should go back end of this month, I may not make it to the conference due to the long application period. Is there any way possible for me to have the extension here until March? 
42913	Schengen visa extension	I have a Schengen visa that has a 90 days validity and will be expiring by the 25th of February, 2015. I got an Internship and thought I could renew or extend my visa from here (Geneva) but was told that I have to go back to my country (Nigeria) for a new visa. The visa procedure takes a month and there is a conference that I would like to attend by March which means if I should go back end of this month, I may not make it to the conference due to the long application period. Is there any way possible for me to have the extension here until March? 
42913	Schengen visa extension	I have a Schengen visa that has a 90 days validity and will be expiring by the 25th of February, 2015. I got an Internship and thought I could renew or extend my visa from here (Geneva) but was told that I have to go back to my country (Nigeria) for a new visa. The visa procedure takes a month and there is a conference that I would like to attend by March which means if I should go back end of this month, I may not make it to the conference due to the long application period. Is there any way possible for me to have the extension here until March? 
42928	What is the "other type of visa" needed travelling from India to Dublin via Heathrow?	I am an Indian Citizen and have Irish Visitor visa and will be travel transiting through London Heathrow to Dublin. The stop over is 3 h 45 mins.  As I am transiting to common travel area (Ireland), it states on the website that I may need another type of visitor visa.  Statement from uk gov website 3. Visitor in Transit visa:     "You’ll need to apply for another type of visitor visa if you’ll be   either: travelling to the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands or   the Isle of Man"   What type of visa is that? 
42961	Is it possible to leave at connection flight in Avianca	I know I have to elaborate. I'm traveling from Guatemala to Colombia with Avianca. The final destination is Barranquilla, but I have a connection flight in Bogotá where I have to wait 3 hours for the next flight.   The thing is that for my trip is better to stay at Bogotá (not take the flight from Bogotá to Barranquilla), stay in several cities and then go to Barranquilla to take the return flight from the original departure place.  Do you know if it is possible or it has a penalisation or something like that? 
42961	Is it possible to leave at connection flight in Avianca	I know I have to elaborate. I'm traveling from Guatemala to Colombia with Avianca. The final destination is Barranquilla, but I have a connection flight in Bogotá where I have to wait 3 hours for the next flight.   The thing is that for my trip is better to stay at Bogotá (not take the flight from Bogotá to Barranquilla), stay in several cities and then go to Barranquilla to take the return flight from the original departure place.  Do you know if it is possible or it has a penalisation or something like that? 
42974	Transit UK London Healthrow from India on the way to Dublin?	I am an Indian Citizen and have Irish Visitor visa and will be travel transiting through London Heathrow to Dublin. The stop over is 3 h 45 mins. The previous reply to the question on the forum is to apply for "Transit in Visa" but on the uk gov website (https://www.gov.uk/transit-visa/visitor-in-transit-visa), its mentioned that to travel from UK airport to Ireland you’ll need to apply for another type of visitor visa if you’ll be either travelling to the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. Does anybody have any similar experience? What type of visa is needed to transit UK? 
42974	Transit UK London Healthrow from India on the way to Dublin?	I am an Indian Citizen and have Irish Visitor visa and will be travel transiting through London Heathrow to Dublin. The stop over is 3 h 45 mins. The previous reply to the question on the forum is to apply for "Transit in Visa" but on the uk gov website (https://www.gov.uk/transit-visa/visitor-in-transit-visa), its mentioned that to travel from UK airport to Ireland you’ll need to apply for another type of visitor visa if you’ll be either travelling to the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. Does anybody have any similar experience? What type of visa is needed to transit UK? 
42963	Do I need a Visa for a Schengen train trip with stop-over in other Schengen countries?	I am an Indian citizen with a US green card. I am going on a study abroad trip to London and I know I need a visa for that. However, I do plan to take a trip to Germany to visit my relatives via train (EuroStar and the ICE). I know the trains have stopovers in either Paris or Brussels but I am unsure of what the visa requirements will be for these countries, especially for France and Belgium since I would just be switching trains. I assume I would need a German visa as well.   What kind of permission do I need for traveling through these countries? 
42987	Road conditions on Eastern USA/Canada roads in Winter	I am thinking of driving between Montreal and Boston this winter. I have no idea what the weather will be like, so I prefer to keep options for this trip.  I read these two existing questions on this area:  Most scenic route between Hartford, CT and Montreal  Road Conditions on drive from Washington, DC to Quebec City over Christmas  however, I still have interrogations about the different possible routes and the snow conditions I may expect on the north USA part of the trip. I have done it on a Greyhound bus before (through Vermont) and remember it was in the mountains/hills. Having been on a bus in the hills during a snowstorm, I could see that while a bus has few troubles circulating, cars should better stop. I will have a rental car so I expect it is equipped with winter tires but probably not chains.  My question is about which of the route options is the most likely cleared/less mountainous. I see three route options:   Hwy 15 (QC)/Route 87 (NY) Route 133 (QC)/Route 89 (VT) Route 55 (QC)/Route 91 (VT)   So far I could see on OpenStreetMap on the cycle map that the third option is more mountainous while the two first run along the Lake Champlain for a large part of the trip (therefore the altitude does not change much). But I have no other idea to pick the right route, in case it snows a bit/a lot. I will check Quebec511 before leaving in case one is closed, but if it snows after it will be harder to decide.  In the end my question is: which of the Montreal-Boston routes is the earliest cleared or least mountainous, so that in case of snow I do not end up going out of the road? 
42987	Road conditions on Eastern USA/Canada roads in Winter	I am thinking of driving between Montreal and Boston this winter. I have no idea what the weather will be like, so I prefer to keep options for this trip.  I read these two existing questions on this area:  Most scenic route between Hartford, CT and Montreal  Road Conditions on drive from Washington, DC to Quebec City over Christmas  however, I still have interrogations about the different possible routes and the snow conditions I may expect on the north USA part of the trip. I have done it on a Greyhound bus before (through Vermont) and remember it was in the mountains/hills. Having been on a bus in the hills during a snowstorm, I could see that while a bus has few troubles circulating, cars should better stop. I will have a rental car so I expect it is equipped with winter tires but probably not chains.  My question is about which of the route options is the most likely cleared/less mountainous. I see three route options:   Hwy 15 (QC)/Route 87 (NY) Route 133 (QC)/Route 89 (VT) Route 55 (QC)/Route 91 (VT)   So far I could see on OpenStreetMap on the cycle map that the third option is more mountainous while the two first run along the Lake Champlain for a large part of the trip (therefore the altitude does not change much). But I have no other idea to pick the right route, in case it snows a bit/a lot. I will check Quebec511 before leaving in case one is closed, but if it snows after it will be harder to decide.  In the end my question is: which of the Montreal-Boston routes is the earliest cleared or least mountainous, so that in case of snow I do not end up going out of the road? 
42988	With FlightHub, How many days in advance should I book a ticket?	So I have a credit with Flighthub.com and I'm trying to find the cheapest deal on a flight to Vegas. I'm not sure when should I book my tickets on FlightHub, cause right now the fare look expensive even if I booking like 60 days in advance!  Since I'm going to Vegas should I book a last minute ticket or 30 days in advance ? 
42988	With FlightHub, How many days in advance should I book a ticket?	So I have a credit with Flighthub.com and I'm trying to find the cheapest deal on a flight to Vegas. I'm not sure when should I book my tickets on FlightHub, cause right now the fare look expensive even if I booking like 60 days in advance!  Since I'm going to Vegas should I book a last minute ticket or 30 days in advance ? 
42989	Egyptian student - was refused tourist visa from UK?	I am an Egyptian student.  Last summer I applied for a tourist visa and I got refused because my bank statement when I applied showing the past 3 months were:  first month balance : 0 , and other two months 5.000 english pound   The other reason for refusal was that they needed a document to prove that I will stay in my college next year I already gave them a proof that am in college but how can I prove to them that I will be next year too?? 
42940	Where I can make chocolates in Switzerland	I'm going with my wife to Europe from 27/March until 15/April and we are looking for some good place where we will can make the true/traditional Swiss Chocolate.   Some course or workshop for a short period, there's something like that in some city of Switzerland?  I'm looking for local courses, more like "typical/traditional" and not a tourist course like "Lindt factory" offers.   Example of answers that I'm expecting and why I did not just googled it:   I know an small factory on a small city where you can learn how to do a incredible Swiss traditional chocolate. I know a good chef who made some courses here in my city. Zurich is not a good city for this, try to look at 'another city'   
42948	Get to El Calafate from the end of the W-Trek (Torres del Paine)	I am wondering how to best get to El Calafate after having finished the W-Trek in Torres del Paine (at the West side, Laguna Amarga I guess).  Is there a way to get to El Calafate directly (without having to pass through Puerto Natales again) from the end of the W-trek by public transportation? I heard of a border crossing at Cerro Castillo, but I don't know if there are any buses to catch there. 
43065	Lufthansa connecting flight to India at Munich 40 mts in between will I be able to make it? (Travelling light-only carry on)	single ticket(lufthansa) from new jersey to munich ; munich to bombay  travelling light-only carry on, no check in luggage  assuming same terminal- 2 ( both arrival and departure) at Munich  will there be any immigration check or any waiting line to get on the Mun-Bom plane  Indian national  Have a  US visitors B1/B2  No schengen visa. 
43063	Dual citizen US/Ireland need healthcare in EU	I'm the victim of a bad foot surgery here in the US.  Because the patient comes about 5th in our system, I can't get the corrective surgeries I need. I reside in US but have dual citizenship with Ireland.  Is there ANY way I can leverage this for health care without having resided in the EU? Whether it be with paid insurance, or if I try to temporarily move to the EU.  I'm desperate here. My malpositioned foot has led to a malpositioned knee which needs a partial knee replacement, and I now have a bulging disc and a few other back issues.  but repositioning my foot would mean that the last repositioning was done incorrectly and...as I said, it's all medmal avoidance here, whether you are actually suing someone or not. I am on Medicare, but I don't see how I can use medicare in the EU if it's in theory a surgery that could be offered in the US. 
43042	Transit visa at Frankfurt international airport	I am traveling New Delhi to San Francisco and back to New Delhi by Lufthansa. In my return, I will break the journey at Frankfurt International Airport to fly to UK by a different airline, and stay there for a week. I have the USA and the UK visas. After a week-long stay in UK, I'll fly back to Frankfurt International Airport and take my Lufthansa flight back to New Delhi. Do I need any Schengen or airport transit visa to do the above? 
43098	What are seats 69H/K like on 777-300ER on Philipines Airlines?	We are going to Manila on the 777-300er and I read mixed reviews about seats 69 H/K. Are they noisy? Are they smaller than elsewhere in economy? We thought just having the 2 seats would be better than sharing a row with someone we don't know.   
43060	Is it rude to talk on a mobile phone for the whole journey, when travelling alone in a London black taxi?	I had an uncanny feeling that it was rude of me to talk on a mobile phone for the whole journey, while travelling alone in a London black taxi. Is it the etiquette to have a conversation with the indeed highly qualified driver when travelling alone in a London black taxi? What should I do if I am on a business meeting on my mobile phone for the whole journey? 
43107	I'm travel from Kenya to Amsterdam to Athens is that need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa I'm a permanent resident of Greece	I want to travel from Kenya to Amsterdam and to Athens. Does that need a transit or any other kind of visa? I'm a permanent resident of Greece and I travel with my Kenyan passport. 
43116	Which is safer in the event of a crash - forward-facing or rear-facing train seats?	Assuming you're on a train which crashes, are there statistics about which is a safer seat: facing forwards, or facing backwards? 
43120	Will having used one previous double-entry visa for China make me eligible for a multiple entry visa now?	China has a rule that to obtain a multiple entry visa you must be able to show immigration information for two previous stays, not always in very clear English.  Now just over a year ago in late 2013 and early 2014 I visited China two times on a double-entry visa that I obtained in Laos after asking a previous question on the site about Chinese multiple-entry visas.  This time I have a narrower question. I intend to visit China again in just over a month and would really like a true multiple-entry visa this time so that I can cross over land borders into China's neighbours and back more times (I don't have an exact plan).  So will my two previous visits on a single two-entry visa satisfy this condition, or must it definitely be two physically separate visas? 
19241	Can a normal backpacker obtain a multiple-entry Chinese visa while on the road?	I'm an Australian citizen backpacking around Southeast Asia, currently in Bangkok. I would like to criss-cross China several times on this trip to visit some of its neighbouring country by crossing land borders. So I need to apply for a multiple-entry tourist visa for China.  At the time I originally asked this question I had hunted for information on this and finally found (on a page that's now a dead link) what seem to be extra prerequisites for multiple-entry tourist visas that are not necessary for single entry visas:     (vii) If applicant can furnish one of the following documents, applicant may apply for multiple-entry L-Visa:   (1) Real estate certificate in China (original and photocopy); or   (2) Notarized kinship or marriage certificate (original and photocopy); or   (3) At least twice China immigration entry records and photocopy.     Another site user has found another current page here with a similar list.  I don't even know what some of these things are. Does this mean it's not possible for a backpacker to get a multiple-entry visa? Does anybody have experience with this? Would the fact that I'm not applying in my home country present an extra problem?  If the rules or the actual practice of the application process varies from country to country, is Bangkok a better or worse place to apply, or would I be better off postponing it and applying in another country in Southeast Asia? 
43138	Is a layover of 2 hrs enough to catch a flight from Nassau to Staniel Cay (arriving from US)?	Is a layover of 2 hrs enough to catch a flight from Nassau to Staniel Cay?    I will be arriving from the US and traveling on a Saturday in October. 
43160	How can I extend my Business Schengen visa?	I have Business Schengen Visa from, Royal Norwegian Embassy, Abu Dhabi as I have one mission in Norway from 9 to 13 of February, but my visa is valid up to 20 of February. Now I received another mission in Hungary from 15 of February up to 4th of march. So I will not go out of Schengen area but my visa will expire while I am in Hungary. Can I extend my visa and what documents do I need for that? 
43167	Invitation letters for my Indian parents coming to the Netherlands	I want to call my parents, who are from India, to stay for a short period here in Netherlands   Do I need to send an invitation letter? Is that a mandatory document?  Is it ok if I gave my written letter stating invitation and purpose of calling them here?   
43176	How flexible are around the world tickets regarding flight dates?	I'm planning a big trip including multiple destinations across 6+ months.  So I am considering buying some around-the-world or multi-continent ticket, with any of the alliances really:   OneWorld Star Alliance Skyteam   However, I still do not have an exact schedule for this trip.  I would like to know if there is any flexibility on the booking dates?  For instance, could I give the list of journeys I plan, but only book the first flight, &amp; book the rest of the flights as I go during my trip?  Resources   What does a surcharge for departure dates mean for an round the world ticket? What should I know about &quot;Around The World&quot; flights? tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k7409073-About_round_the_world_RTW_tickets-Air_Travel.html  
43176	How flexible are around the world tickets regarding flight dates?	I'm planning a big trip including multiple destinations across 6+ months.  So I am considering buying some around-the-world or multi-continent ticket, with any of the alliances really:   OneWorld Star Alliance Skyteam   However, I still do not have an exact schedule for this trip.  I would like to know if there is any flexibility on the booking dates?  For instance, could I give the list of journeys I plan, but only book the first flight, &amp; book the rest of the flights as I go during my trip?  Resources   What does a surcharge for departure dates mean for an round the world ticket? What should I know about &quot;Around The World&quot; flights? tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k7409073-About_round_the_world_RTW_tickets-Air_Travel.html  
43171	Reapply or appeal UK visa	I am from Pakistan. I had applied for a UK visa for my plab (medical) examination, but my visa was refused due to sudden influx of money in my father's bank statement and secondly as I am unemployed, so my ECO thinks that I would not return back home. Now I am thinking of re-applying with my mother's bank statement and showing some property in my name. Should I re-apply or appeal? 
43207	Traveling internationally with one-way airline tickets	I am traveling to the Philippines from the US to see friends and travel for an unknown amount of time (between 3 months and  2 years). Everything I read says I need a roundtrip ticket. How do I get around that?  
43203	Bumping into people on the street in the UK	Probably most of us have been in this situation when walking on the street and somebody else coming in the opposite direction, for a moment both hesitate on which side to take and doing a mini-awkward dance (a poor example in this video).   After spending some time in the UK, I noticed this happened to me way more often than it does at home. I also noticed that instinctively I always tend to lean to my right side first (in my country people drive in the right lane), while in the UK people tended to lean to their left side (in the UK people drive in the left lane).   So, when walking directly to someone coming in the opposite direction, taking the same side of the sidewalk as the lane used to drive in that country (left in places like UK, right in USA) is a social norm I'm not aware of, or is it just my imagination?  
309	What time of the year is the cheapest to cruise in/around North America?	What times of the years are optimal for getting the best prices on cruises within North America? 
43253	Travelling from US to Paris via UK, can I avoid checking bags all the way through to Paris?	I'm a UK citizen and have a BA flight from US to London and then from London to Paris the same day (because I had meetings in Paris, but live in London) but I now actually need to be in London instead as my final destination. Rather than rebook by flight (lots of money)…  Is is possible to have BA check my bags through from US to London separately, so that I can collect them in London and just miss/avoid taking the London to Paris portion at all? 
42312	Is there a site with all airlines carry-on restrictions?	Every time I look at a which carrier to book for a flight I wish there was a way to go to a single resource (without visiting each carrier's site) to know at a glance which airline gives me the most lenient restrictions, especially when they are at the same price point.  Is there such a resource that is updated frequently as new rules come out? 
43279	How can I check when I can (statistically) fly to given locations most cheaply?	There are many sites where I can search for a particular flight with various date ranges and compare the prices.  But, say, I want to go from Warsaw to New York, or London, or anywhere else (the location is just an example). But I have 100% flexibility when I'll go. How can I check in which part of the year the flight prices on the given route tend to be the most attractive?  I'm aware the prices are very volatile, but if there's a general trend that the flights to London are cheapest in May, and to New York in October, it would greatly help me to start planning. 
43279	How can I check when I can (statistically) fly to given locations most cheaply?	There are many sites where I can search for a particular flight with various date ranges and compare the prices.  But, say, I want to go from Warsaw to New York, or London, or anywhere else (the location is just an example). But I have 100% flexibility when I'll go. How can I check in which part of the year the flight prices on the given route tend to be the most attractive?  I'm aware the prices are very volatile, but if there's a general trend that the flights to London are cheapest in May, and to New York in October, it would greatly help me to start planning. 
43308	Transferring from T3 to T2 in Dubai	I arrive at Dubai at terminal 3 and have an onward flight from terminal 2 - Air India express to amritsar .  My arrival time is 07:15 and onward flight leaves at 09:50. Will I and my baggage make this flight? Also what is the procedure on arrival in Dubai ? 
42531	Historical airfare prices to understand which month has the lowest airfare	Is there a service (don't mind paying a bit) that will tell me historically which month has the lowest airfare between two travel destinations? The thing is, that I need to fly to India from Canada (return trip) to see my family every year but I am flexible with time of visit.   So it will be helpful if I could get an idea when the airfare for this route is historically low. 
43316	Two passports from the same country and ESTAs for travel to the USA?	We already have the question Can I have multiple valid ESTAs in different passports?, which explains what to do if you have passports from two different visa waiver countries and are wondering about ESTAs.  Some countries, such as the UK, allow certain citizens with strong reasons and a high tolerance for bureaucracy to get a second passport. (This is a good guide to the lengthy and confusing process, for those who qualify). The USA will issues second passports to its citizens under similar strict rules too, though just because they will do so, doesn't mean they necessarily make life easy for non-nationals in a similar situation...  Since one of the allowed reasons for getting a second passport is having to travel lots while applying for visas, what do you do if your "normal" ESTA-issued passport is off with an embassy getting a visa, you only have the other passport, and you need to travel to the USA? Can you travel on the other passport on the grounds that you have another one from that country with an ESTA? Do you need to apply for and get a second ESTA for the details of your second passport? Are you unable to travel to the USA? Something else? 
43318	Cheapest Way to South/Central America from Australia	My girlfriend and I are looking to travel South/Central America in January 2016. We wanted to find the cheapest flights that can get us there and base our holiday from there. We have no idea what the best route to take. I have heard Sydney to LAX and then on is cheap. Also one of my friends is flying to Hawaii then connecting to Mexico. 
43324	90-day USA visitor visa expires in five days. Can I go to Canada and renew my 90 days?	I have been in the USA for meetings on a 90-day visitor visa and have a year's ESTA. I have applied for a B-1 visa that allows three years of work and it is still in process. My 90-day visa runs out in 5 days so I am leaving the USA to go to Canada for other meetings for 2 days.    Can I return 3 days later to the USA for more meetings and get a further 90 days? I am absolutely not working, just traveling and having meetings. 
43309	Do I have to declare an iPhone 6 when entering China?	I'm wondering if I have to declare my personal, used iPhone 6 when entering China as a tourist. Will they make me pay tax on it because it is an expensive phone? 
43329	Transit Visa in Frankfurt for Filipino	We are a Filipino couple  currently in Mexico on a Tourist Visa. We came to Mexico from the Philippines via Japan on a Single Entry Transit Visa. Now that we are on our way back home, we are looking at a flight that passes through Germany. We don't have Canadian or US visa so we can't get a flight that would pass through these countries.  The flight we found would be from Cancun, Mexico to Frankfurt (Condor Airlines-Terminal 1) then Frankfurt to Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia Airlines-Terminal 2) then KL to Philippines (Airasia).   My problem is, there is a 23 hour layover in Frankfurt and I believe we have to go from Terminal 1 to Terminal 2. I figured that if we don't have checked bags and just bring carry-on, we don't have to claim any luggage meaning not leaving the transit area. Malaysia Airlines also confirmed that we can get our boarding pass online 48 hours before the flight so we can go straight to the gate and wait til we board.  I just need confirmation if this trip is possible without a transit visa. I can have my luggage sent to Philippines from Mexico using a courier and just travel with carry-on luggage. I just want to know if we can stay in transit/airside of the airport for this itinerary with a 23 hour layover and if there is a need for us to get transit visas.  Any information would really help. Thanks in advance! 
43336	Do additional guest need to be present for hotel check in	Do additional guest at hotels need to be present with you in the hotel when you check in? Or can I just register them as additional guests and let them check in at a later time?  My friend will be there with me on a Friday or Saturday. I need to be at the hotel on a Thursday for check in. As long as I register my name for the hotel and am paying for the room will it be acceptable to have them stay with me at hotel on Friday or Saturday as long as I tell the hotel and have my additional guest name down? 
43336	Do additional guest need to be present for hotel check in	Do additional guest at hotels need to be present with you in the hotel when you check in? Or can I just register them as additional guests and let them check in at a later time?  My friend will be there with me on a Friday or Saturday. I need to be at the hotel on a Thursday for check in. As long as I register my name for the hotel and am paying for the room will it be acceptable to have them stay with me at hotel on Friday or Saturday as long as I tell the hotel and have my additional guest name down? 
43341	Sightseeing during a 8h stopover in Beijing	I have a 8h stopover at Beijing from 12h-20:30. I know, I can get an 72h visa, but are 8h enough time for a visit to be worth the hassle? 
38784	Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? Part 2	i saw and analyses deeply this FAQ at Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? and i have one more doubt about the 90 days rule of the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) just to be completly clear (i know that this is a very FAQ but i still have my concerns) and i hope that someone can help me.  I'm from Chile and I'm Medical Doctor. I want to travel from Santiago de Chile to the US for 5 weeks then i want to go to Costa Rica for 4 weeks more and then return to the US for 8 weeks more.  I have my VWP active untill November 2016 and my concern is the situacion when i want to go back to the US because my ticket home to Chile will be more than 90 days, actually will be like 120 days!!! (counting from my first arrival to the US).  When i will go back to the US from Costa Rica, will my VWP reset?  I know that there is nothing that can insurance 100% that the CBP officer in the airport will give me the pass for my re-entry to the US but how can i lower the risk that he or she deny it? For example, my ticket home to Chile? My ticket itinerary and travels in Central America? My current contract as a Medical Doctor in Chile? Something more that can be useful?  In the worst case (that i don't hope it at all!) what are the consecuenques of being a VWP breaker? besides of, eventually, being deported...  Thanks so much in advance! 
38784	Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? Part 2	i saw and analyses deeply this FAQ at Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? and i have one more doubt about the 90 days rule of the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) just to be completly clear (i know that this is a very FAQ but i still have my concerns) and i hope that someone can help me.  I'm from Chile and I'm Medical Doctor. I want to travel from Santiago de Chile to the US for 5 weeks then i want to go to Costa Rica for 4 weeks more and then return to the US for 8 weeks more.  I have my VWP active untill November 2016 and my concern is the situacion when i want to go back to the US because my ticket home to Chile will be more than 90 days, actually will be like 120 days!!! (counting from my first arrival to the US).  When i will go back to the US from Costa Rica, will my VWP reset?  I know that there is nothing that can insurance 100% that the CBP officer in the airport will give me the pass for my re-entry to the US but how can i lower the risk that he or she deny it? For example, my ticket home to Chile? My ticket itinerary and travels in Central America? My current contract as a Medical Doctor in Chile? Something more that can be useful?  In the worst case (that i don't hope it at all!) what are the consecuenques of being a VWP breaker? besides of, eventually, being deported...  Thanks so much in advance! 
43357	Japan transit visa for a Filipino who has just acquired Canadian citizenship but has no Canadian passport	My girlfriend and I want to buy a bargain flight to Thailand from Toronto. We would be saving over $1,000 between the two of us. The return leg stops over at Narita for 11 hr and 50 minutes. There are a lot of great hotels in the $100.00 range we'd like to check into which are a short distance from the airport. I'll have no problem but she is travelling with a Filipino passport. She very recently got her Canadian citizenship but doesn't have a Canadian passport yet. I want to buy the ticket almost immediately because the bargain may disappear. We will be flying next Saturday (Feb 21) so no time for her to get a Visa. We don't want to stay at the terminal for almost 12 hours. Any way we can get into Japan for a very short stay?  A prompt answer would be appreciated due to our time restriction. 
43357	Japan transit visa for a Filipino who has just acquired Canadian citizenship but has no Canadian passport	My girlfriend and I want to buy a bargain flight to Thailand from Toronto. We would be saving over $1,000 between the two of us. The return leg stops over at Narita for 11 hr and 50 minutes. There are a lot of great hotels in the $100.00 range we'd like to check into which are a short distance from the airport. I'll have no problem but she is travelling with a Filipino passport. She very recently got her Canadian citizenship but doesn't have a Canadian passport yet. I want to buy the ticket almost immediately because the bargain may disappear. We will be flying next Saturday (Feb 21) so no time for her to get a Visa. We don't want to stay at the terminal for almost 12 hours. Any way we can get into Japan for a very short stay?  A prompt answer would be appreciated due to our time restriction. 
43368	Dual Citizenship (Guyana and UK) and obtaining a US visa?	I am a dual citizen with 2 passports. Passport 1 is from my birth country, Guyana, and passport 2 is from the UK. The Guyanese government has the option of stripping your Guyanese citizenship if they know you use another citizenship, so I would like them not to know. If, for example, you have a US visa in passport 2 (departing from birth country) and like to travel to the US, how would you proceed?   Possible solution is to go to the US embassy (in birth country) and reapply for a new visa on passport 1 but wouldn’t they question why you’re doing that since the other one is still valid? Plus there are many questions on the form to fill out regarding that. They will obviously see that you also have a citizenship not belonging to the country you’re in so will they report it? Or do you just wait till it expires before applying with another passport?  Since there's no direct flight to destination, stopover country is visa free for both passports. 
43422	Difference between Schengen Tourist and Business Visa	From this post, I understand that there is no real distinction between a Schengen tourist visa and a Schengen business visa as long as they are both for short stay only (Type C). So, if I have an existing tourist visa can I also attend a business trip (training/meeting/conference)? 
43444	Is Two hours of transit at Atlanta airport enough to catch the other flight?	Its my first time traveling in USA, and i will be transit in Atlanta airport for two hours. I am afraid to lose the next plane to Florida. Could you please give me any advice what should I do? 
43436	What are the exact reasons why one cannot take a bottle of water on the plane?	So what exactly are the reasons:   policy by the airlines? slowing down security?  What if it's 100mL of water filled in one of those tiny travel bottles that people use to downsize their toiletries?    I was just discussing this topic with a friend &amp; then realized while I know of the rule I would like to know all the aspects as to why. 
43436	What are the exact reasons why one cannot take a bottle of water on the plane?	So what exactly are the reasons:   policy by the airlines? slowing down security?  What if it's 100mL of water filled in one of those tiny travel bottles that people use to downsize their toiletries?    I was just discussing this topic with a friend &amp; then realized while I know of the rule I would like to know all the aspects as to why. 
43462	Multi-city and multi-mode price comparison?	I am planning a spring break trip with my friends. We are choosing between multiple destinations and transportation methods. Are there any tools we can use to compare the costs of, say, driving or flying to New Orleans versus taking a bus or flying to New York City?  The price checkers that I have used so far seem to be too restrictive. For example, they are flight-only or they only allow checking one destination. 
43516	Two passports entering Schengen?	The most upvoted answer to Travelling with two different passports claims     If you hold a passport for the country you are entering, many countries' laws require you to show that passport.    What if I have a passport from a Schengen-area country and I am entering the Schengen-area? Does this requirement apply? 
43513	Can I re enter the US on the VWP immediately after 90 days?	I have read conflicting information and can't seem to find the right number online to call.  I am a UK citizen visiting the US on an ESTA due to expire on 2nd April. I would like to stay until the 12th as I have a friend coming out to visit.  If I fly to the Bahamas, Abaco Islands for 4 nights say on the 31st March to return to Florida around the 2nd April will that reset my ESTA and allow me to stay essentially for another 90 days although I actually only want another 9? 
43513	Can I re enter the US on the VWP immediately after 90 days?	I have read conflicting information and can't seem to find the right number online to call.  I am a UK citizen visiting the US on an ESTA due to expire on 2nd April. I would like to stay until the 12th as I have a friend coming out to visit.  If I fly to the Bahamas, Abaco Islands for 4 nights say on the 31st March to return to Florida around the 2nd April will that reset my ESTA and allow me to stay essentially for another 90 days although I actually only want another 9? 
43413	Esta return, can I reset the "clock" by visiting the Bahamas?	I've read a few questions/responses on this but seem to be reading conflicting information  I've tried to find a number for immigration at Fort Lauderdale but don't appear to be able to call  My status is this I am a British citizen here on an esta which expires 1st April   I have a friend arriving for 2weeks 31 March and I would like to stay and spend time with her for 2 weeks   My intention was to fly to the abaco islands of the Bahamas for 3/4 nights then return to Florida and fly back to England with them on the 12th April   Hoping that my visit to the Bahamas would reset my 90 days even though il only be staying another week in the states before returning to my place of residence in the UK   Is this false hope/information tahrs going to get me in bother ? Would really appreciate some advice ?  Melanie  
43520	"Romantic Road" Japan, including rental car and trains	we're hoping to drive the Japan "Romantic Road" to Nikko in late Feb/early March 2015, starting and finishing by train. E.g.   Tokyo to Sakudaira via Shinkansen  One-way rental car from Sakudaira numerous "onsen" along "Romantic Road"  Train from Nikko back to Tokyo.   We are mom, dad and a baby. I can read rudimentary Japanese (i.e. sounding out words in kana). I have plenty of international driving experience so adapt to observed conventions pretty quickly. I have a valid IDP. We would likely take our own baby carseat which attaches via seatbelts.  Question is simple: Is there anything really stupid about this plan? or any suggestions specific to this route? As far as mountain weather this year; or the cost effectiveness of one-way car renting; scheduled local festivals along my route around 1-5 March; or rail-car-rental bundles I should know about?  Note: I have seen http://www.ekiren.co.jp/phpapp/syouhin/index.phtml?syouhin_cd=008 but I can't perfectly understand the requirements or even how to order.  I have inquired for the order form and will see if I can understand/translate that more fully. 
43520	"Romantic Road" Japan, including rental car and trains	we're hoping to drive the Japan "Romantic Road" to Nikko in late Feb/early March 2015, starting and finishing by train. E.g.   Tokyo to Sakudaira via Shinkansen  One-way rental car from Sakudaira numerous "onsen" along "Romantic Road"  Train from Nikko back to Tokyo.   We are mom, dad and a baby. I can read rudimentary Japanese (i.e. sounding out words in kana). I have plenty of international driving experience so adapt to observed conventions pretty quickly. I have a valid IDP. We would likely take our own baby carseat which attaches via seatbelts.  Question is simple: Is there anything really stupid about this plan? or any suggestions specific to this route? As far as mountain weather this year; or the cost effectiveness of one-way car renting; scheduled local festivals along my route around 1-5 March; or rail-car-rental bundles I should know about?  Note: I have seen http://www.ekiren.co.jp/phpapp/syouhin/index.phtml?syouhin_cd=008 but I can't perfectly understand the requirements or even how to order.  I have inquired for the order form and will see if I can understand/translate that more fully. 
43536	Do I have to go through immigration for a connection in Canada (Montreal)?	I plan on flying from the US to Europe (Schengen) through Montreal airport (Trudeau Airport, YUL). The flights US-Montreal and Montreal-Europe are two different bookings. For the sake of simplicity, let's say I do not have any checked-in luggage.  According to the website of the airport, if I connect from USA towards a non-US international destination with automatic luggage transfer (or no checked-in luggage), I have to "go to the special international connections customs counter". But does that involve only customs or also immigration? I am particularly interested in knowing if my passport will be checked, if that makes sense.  So, do I have to go through some form of immigration/passport check when connecting in Montreal from the US to Europe? 
43422	Difference between Schengen Tourist and Business Visa	From this post, I understand that there is no real distinction between a Schengen tourist visa and a Schengen business visa as long as they are both for short stay only (Type C). So, if I have an existing tourist visa can I also attend a business trip (training/meeting/conference)? 
43566	i have single entry schengen visa from belgium. please let me know can i enter paris with this visa instead going to belgium	i have single entry schengen visa from belgium. but, now the plan has changed and I have to visit paris instead belgium. can i go to paris with this visa. 
43569	Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?	I have a valid multiple entry schengen business visa issued by the norwegian embassy for a duration of 1 year.  I was supposed to travel at the beginning of February to Norway and use this visa but unfortunately my business trip got cancelled. Therefore, I have not used this visa so far.  I wanted to know if I can use this visa for tourism and now can I enter Germany through this visa as it is valid for a year and is multiple entry visa for all schengen states ? 
43569	Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?	I have a valid multiple entry schengen business visa issued by the norwegian embassy for a duration of 1 year.  I was supposed to travel at the beginning of February to Norway and use this visa but unfortunately my business trip got cancelled. Therefore, I have not used this visa so far.  I wanted to know if I can use this visa for tourism and now can I enter Germany through this visa as it is valid for a year and is multiple entry visa for all schengen states ? 
43469	Is tipping a flight attendant acceptable?	This article is full of supposed "secrets" that most everyone knows about flying.  But one thing it mentions is:     14. Tipping could go a long way.      My girlfriend is a flight attendant. NO ONE tips flight attendants. If you give your FA a fiver with your first drink you’ll probably drink for free the rest of the flight.   Is tipping a flight attendant acceptable? Is it even permitted? (I know many businesses won't accept tips in the US, for instance, to avoid the legal obligation to report tip income to the IRS.) 
43569	Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?	I have a valid multiple entry schengen business visa issued by the norwegian embassy for a duration of 1 year.  I was supposed to travel at the beginning of February to Norway and use this visa but unfortunately my business trip got cancelled. Therefore, I have not used this visa so far.  I wanted to know if I can use this visa for tourism and now can I enter Germany through this visa as it is valid for a year and is multiple entry visa for all schengen states ? 
43569	Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?	I have a valid multiple entry schengen business visa issued by the norwegian embassy for a duration of 1 year.  I was supposed to travel at the beginning of February to Norway and use this visa but unfortunately my business trip got cancelled. Therefore, I have not used this visa so far.  I wanted to know if I can use this visa for tourism and now can I enter Germany through this visa as it is valid for a year and is multiple entry visa for all schengen states ? 
43620	Visa/permit for foreign tourists to visit the Andaman Islands?	As I've learnt from the What are “prohibited / restricted areas” in the context of an Indian visa question, a normal tourist visa issued to a foreigner isn't valid for much (all?) of the Andaman islands.  Inspired in part by this question on Diving in the Andamans, I'm considering trying to work a side trip over there to do some scuba diving on a future trip to India. However, I now discover that my current visa wouldn't cover that.  So, as a foreigner in possession of an Indian visa marked "Not Valid for Prohibited / Restricted and Cantonment areas", how do I go about getting permission / extra visa / permit to visit the Andaman islands? 
43620	Visa/permit for foreign tourists to visit the Andaman Islands?	As I've learnt from the What are “prohibited / restricted areas” in the context of an Indian visa question, a normal tourist visa issued to a foreigner isn't valid for much (all?) of the Andaman islands.  Inspired in part by this question on Diving in the Andamans, I'm considering trying to work a side trip over there to do some scuba diving on a future trip to India. However, I now discover that my current visa wouldn't cover that.  So, as a foreigner in possession of an Indian visa marked "Not Valid for Prohibited / Restricted and Cantonment areas", how do I go about getting permission / extra visa / permit to visit the Andaman islands? 
43610	pay for flight reservation only after approval of visa application?	For many visa applications, you need a flight reservation that shows you have purchased a round trip to your destination and back. But when you buy a flight there is a change your visa application won't be approved and then you already spent money. Yes, I know you can get cancellation insurance, but you have to do some extra administrative work before you get your money back.  So is it possible to make a flight reservation without paying for it right away and pay for it after you visa application is approved? 
43634	Short Term Tourist Visa Refusal	As my girlfriend who is a permanent resident of Germany invited me to come to her country for a short visit, I applied to the visa section in Kolkata. As I am a first time visitor to Germany I got all information and submitted the forms along with "Formal Obligation Letter" and as I am a self employed I did not need to submit employers certificate. To my utter surprise, my visa was refused stating that:      the information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and condition of the intended stay was not reliable   and     your intention to leave the territory of the Member States before the expiry of the visa could not be ascertained   Now in this situation what should I do when already 5 days passed that my visa was refused? Should I reapply stating my willingness to return back to my home country before the visa expire or should I submit any evidence to justify the two reasons? Please suggest after how many days is it better to reapply? Can I get my visa approved if I can produce my justification with a proof? 
43638	Got a plane ticket but no passport	So I did some math and ordered my plane ticket while my passport was still processing.  Now it turns out that my passport won't be here in time for my travel date. Is there anything else I can provide at the airport to show I have a verified passport or something to get through? 
43645	How to book a ticket for an unborn infant?	How does one go about booking a ticket for an infant who isn't born yet ?  Planning to fly from Darwin, Australia to Dubai and bub's on the way in a month. Looking to fly in November/December and want to purchase a ticket as early as possible for lower fares. No name has been decided for the baby and all the airlines websites ask for the name of the baby. Does it necessarily have to be the name bubs will have on the passport ?   
43657	Entering U.S. exactly on the day of visa "expiration date"	I'm a bit surprised from my US Visa. I plan to go to a conference on 3rd of April. Amazingly though, the visa expiration date is written as April 3rd.  So what does that mean. Can I enter the US on April 3rd? or should I enter one day earlier? 
43682	Booking 2 ways ticket, not onboard 1 way, consider canceling both?	It's hard to explain the situation in title, so here it is:  I'm booking a 2 ways tickets from Singapore to Vietnam (Hanoi). However, i didn't board the trip Sing-Viet. Instead, I purchased another 1 way ticket, from Singapore to Vietnam with different time.  In that case, when I'm back from Vietnam to Singapore, the flight counter said, my tickets is not valid anymore, as i didn't take the 1st board,     Based on International Rules, they said.   So, Is my 2 ways tickets valid? 
43699	transit visa for london	I am Egyptian and I have a national visa from Spain not scschengen. I will travel from Cairo to Madrid through London. Do I must have a transit visa for London? Just 2 hours transit 
43699	transit visa for london	I am Egyptian and I have a national visa from Spain not scschengen. I will travel from Cairo to Madrid through London. Do I must have a transit visa for London? Just 2 hours transit 
43660	Traveling in Europe Solo - 18 years old. Feasible?	My dream is to spend a month in Europe after graduating high school.  Based on my situation, I will have to travel alone since there is no one else here who would be able to make such a trip.  I am an Eagle Scout, have common sense, and am used to being independent.  My mom is worried that I will be in danger from thieves, muggers, or other unforeseen obstacles.  I plan on visiting the U.K., Ireland, France, Italy, and Germany.  Communication should not be a problem since I speak French fluently and will speak Italian and German fairly well.  Here's my question: Will I be relatively safe traveling in Europe on my own for a month?  What dangers or obstacles in particular should I watch out for - are thieves, pickpockets, or muggers common in some areas?  Given that I have a limited budget of ~$3000, would I have enough to purchase basic necessities such as food, train tickets, and hostel rentals for a month?  What else, in particular, should I be aware of as an 18 year old traveling alone for the first time? 
43704	I have B1 visa, can I apply for F1 visa?	I have B1 visa for conferences. Due to some personal reasons I have never traveled to united states before. My B1 visa is still valid. Now, I want F1 visa. would this have effect to get F1 visa, since I haven't traveled with B1?  Best, Nahom 
43718	Tourist Visa After Student Visa in Schengen Zone	I am an Australian in Spain on a 8 month student visa. I'm wondering if I can apply for the 90 day tourist visa while I'm here. Another option may be to leave to a non-Schengen zone like UK and return to Spain to start the 90 day visa. Any tips would be greatly appreciated! 
43740	Will an EU residency card be sufficient to depart China?	My Chinese wife is planning to visit China this summer and is normally resident with me in Austria. She has her Chinese passport and a  EEA residency card (for Austria) as a spouse of an EU national (me). Normally Chinese passport control demands to see a visa of the destination country before permitting exit from China but she plans to present her EEA residency card to them. Has anyone got experience of how they react at the airport?  
43765	Indian citizen living in United Kingdom wants to get a Schengen visa for France	I am an Indian living in UK with a valid UK business visa. I learnt that it is not possible to get a France on-arrival visa from this question.  Can I walk in to the French embassy in UK and apply for a Schengen visa using my Indian passport? 
43768	Potential difficulties in trip to Europe?	Building on this question. I am 18, and an Indian, and am planning to go on a month long trip to Europe (this year or the next, depending on some stuff). I plan to either go alone, or with a friend. I am good at speaking English, so language shouldn't be a problem. The answers to the linked question do provide some useful information, but I would like to know beforehand what could potentially go wrong in the trip (due to my nationality, or not being a 'western' citizen, for that matter).  The countries I will be visiting are more or less the same as in the linked question. What additional precautions, if any, would I need to take on the trip?   Additional information:  I have a fair amount of experience in travelling, and am used to being independent. I have previously travelled to Sweden, on a student exchange program. I lived there for three weeks. Overall, I loved the atmosphere and the experience in general. I have never been to any other country in Europe before. My primary aim for the trip is to see and explore the culture, the cities, and even smaller towns, if possible, while not rushing from place to place in a hurry. My budget is pretty flexible so that shouldn't really be a problem.  
43767	UK Visitor Visa: Required Time or Interval Between Visits?	I am a US citizen and have recently visted the UK  with simply a passport which allowed me to vist for 6months I have heard rumors that I am obligated to stay in the US for a Equal amount of time that I have visited the UK before I am able to return, but I am struggling tour no any proof of this obligation .. Am I missing somthing or is it simply not true  
43775	Can I have my friend check my bag and have it dropped off at their layover airport so I can pick it up?	I have been traveling around since October and am now in New Zealand.  My last stop before heading home is Japan, with the intention of going snowboarding.  However, I did not bring all my gear around for the last few months.  My friend has a short layover in Narita airport in a few days.    The scenario I'm hoping for is she brings my gear from NY with her and has it left in Narita.  I then (perhaps with a copy of the bag tag) pick up the bag in Japan when I arrive.  Is this feasible?  (Without her leaving the gate area)  Thanks! 
43791	Schengen counting rules and name change	My question is about counting the six-month period for a 90-day Schengen area visit.  Details are below.  Visit May 15 - June 5, 2014 (20 days)under name X  Visit Aug 28 - Sept 25, 2014 (29 days) under name X  Nov 11 marks end of 180 day period  Change name  Visit Dec 10, 2014-Mar 10, 2015 (90 days) under new name, Y  Can I return in May?  If the first period ends Nov 11th and the new period starts Nov 12, then the next 180-day period would end May 11th.  Am I eligible to return on May 12th?  If my name change starts the count anew, I cannot return until mid-June.  I should add I didn't intend to stay 90 days over the winter.  I am traveling with two dogs and the temperatures in NY, USA were too cold to safely fly (not that it matters to immigration).  Thank you for your assistance.  Thank you, Joanne 
43786	Is it OK for someone to follow their family's rented moving truck into a weigh station?	My wife and I will be moving from Florida to Texas in a few weeks. I will be driving a 16ft Penske truck with a tow dolly carrying one of our cars, and my wife will be following me in our other car.   As far as I know, I need to pull in to any open weigh stations. However, I'm not sure if it would be alright for my wife to follow me in. I'd like to do that to avoid making her slow down or wait on the shoulder for me to catch up. Would that be a problem? 
43775	Can I have my friend check my bag and have it dropped off at their layover airport so I can pick it up?	I have been traveling around since October and am now in New Zealand.  My last stop before heading home is Japan, with the intention of going snowboarding.  However, I did not bring all my gear around for the last few months.  My friend has a short layover in Narita airport in a few days.    The scenario I'm hoping for is she brings my gear from NY with her and has it left in Narita.  I then (perhaps with a copy of the bag tag) pick up the bag in Japan when I arrive.  Is this feasible?  (Without her leaving the gate area)  Thanks! 
43834	Will I get a better deal if I were to book a car from an airline reservation web site?	I'm visiting the UK and am thinking of flying Emirates. Their web site gives me an option to book a car which I can use upon arrival. I'm looking for a good deal - so my question is would I get one because Emirates has better buying power than me as an individual and are they likely to pass on some of the saving to me? 
43840	How can I get to Iceland on a cargo ship?	Planning a low budget and environment friendly trip to Iceland from Helsinki, Finland next summer for me and my friend. Haven't been able to find relevant information on possibility for cargo travel (from where - eg. Norway, Denmark? - timetables, prices etc). Expected departure from Helsinki around June 18th, return at latest on July 7th 2015. I'm very thankful for any related advice (and first time on stackexchange, so apologies if I didn't formulate my question in a best possible way) 
43840	How can I get to Iceland on a cargo ship?	Planning a low budget and environment friendly trip to Iceland from Helsinki, Finland next summer for me and my friend. Haven't been able to find relevant information on possibility for cargo travel (from where - eg. Norway, Denmark? - timetables, prices etc). Expected departure from Helsinki around June 18th, return at latest on July 7th 2015. I'm very thankful for any related advice (and first time on stackexchange, so apologies if I didn't formulate my question in a best possible way) 
43888	As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?	I am from Philippines and will do a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland in 2015.  I will be doing a sea cruise, coming from Denmark where I will embark, passing through a couple of European countries (hence the Schengen visa) and then also UK and Ireland and again some Schengen countries.   Do I need a UK transit visa in addition to the Schengen visa? 
43891	Is it illegal/against rules to combine miles from different airlines?	I have accumulated miles on different airlines, all of them are part of the star alliance but unfortunately I signed up for individual airline programs and accumulated miles on them. Can I consolidate them all on Lufthansa or United? (I currently have miles on United, Singapore, Lufthansa). 
43904	Indian National Travelling from USA to India via Dublin	I am flying from Chicago, USA to Hyderabad, India on June 4th. My initial flight is AA which goes to Dublin (reaches around 740AM June 5) My connection is Etihad from the same airport (leaves around 905AM June 5)  In this scenario Will I need to apply for any kind of visa upfront? 
43903	Can I travel to my home country without US passport?	I going to take the Oath Ceremony next week, and I am planning to travel to Hong Kong right after the Oath Ceremony. Suppose I am a naturalized citizen of the US, but also a citizen of Hong Kong:    First, can I travel to my home country without US passport but with  Hong Kong passport?    Second, people said I cannot go back the US without US passport, thus can I apply the US passport in Hong Kong? 
43682	Booking 2 ways ticket, not onboard 1 way, consider canceling both?	It's hard to explain the situation in title, so here it is:  I'm booking a 2 ways tickets from Singapore to Vietnam (Hanoi). However, i didn't board the trip Sing-Viet. Instead, I purchased another 1 way ticket, from Singapore to Vietnam with different time.  In that case, when I'm back from Vietnam to Singapore, the flight counter said, my tickets is not valid anymore, as i didn't take the 1st board,     Based on International Rules, they said.   So, Is my 2 ways tickets valid? 
43926	Which Schengen Visa to apply for	I am aware similar questions have been asked before, but the answers aren't very clear.So, if someone would kindly tell me what to do. I am travelling to multiple Schengen Countries in summer. While my port of entry is Paris, my longest stay is in Italy. Do I apply for a French or an Italian Schengen? 
43926	Which Schengen Visa to apply for	I am aware similar questions have been asked before, but the answers aren't very clear.So, if someone would kindly tell me what to do. I am travelling to multiple Schengen Countries in summer. While my port of entry is Paris, my longest stay is in Italy. Do I apply for a French or an Italian Schengen? 
7653	What is the safest way to travel from Hunza (North Pakistan) to Kashgar (West China)?	What is the safest way to go from Hunza (North Pakistan) to Kashgar (West China) ? Travelling mainly by bus and local transportation wherever possible. 
43960	Do I need a transit visa for Frankfurt, Germany, on the way to Ecuador?	I am a Syrian passport holder and I have a residency card in Saudi Arabia. I'm traveling from Saudi to Ecuador passing through Frankfurt airport for a 7 hours stop, then to UIO Quito, Ecuador airport. Do I need transit visa, knowing that Ecuador doesn't require a visa for Syrian passport holders?  
43983	Is there a way to find out specifically why a flight was delayed?	Is there some tool I can use to figure out why a flight is delayed?  Specifically I'm trying to see why the 2nd leg of the flight AI 951 is delayed by about an hour nearly every day, though it takes off on time. 
43035	Air travel with a stoma (ileostomy or colostomy)	A stoma is a surgically inserted hole in your stomach through which urine and faeces can exit your body.  It's part of the operation where your bladder or colon gets removed.  There are approximately 102,000 such people in the UK alone.  If you Google for 'stoma', don't look at the images (if you do, remember that I told you so).  When you have a stoma you use an appliance (bag) to catch and collect the urine or faeces; it is glued to your stomach and you change it usually once a day or more often.  Issue.  Sometimes the appliances leak, worse, sometimes they fall off completely. The result is that BAM your body and clothes are soaked in urine and/or faeces.  If it's a bad leak, your chair and possibly your neighbours are included in the mess.  Air pressure, temperature, humidity, even the seat belt cutting in to the flange area all can cause a leak.  Here's two videos of young women who (bravely!) relate stories about their stoma leaks.  Here and here These ladies were not on air planes and their videos are charming (and read the comments), and they were small leaks.  But generally... it's a nightmare.    Lots of people do not fly because of this, some worry about the change in pressure causing the appliance to explode, but for most it's embarrassment.  On the other hand some people must fly because of work or because they want to maintain family relationships.    The immediate remedy is to wear a level 3 stoma belt with a protector, but these are horrendously expensive and do not last for a long time (despite manufacturer's claims).  And even the level 3 belt does not prevent the appliance from falling off when conditions are right.  Those with airline training or those travellers with a stoma (or have close relations with a stoma person), or simply those with some good ideas are asked: What are your travel tips for this situation?  And p.s., thanks to those brave ladies!  Especially the one who got it on her boyfriend in HIS bed! And (heaven help us) ruined the carpet! 
43988	Travel without an Italian residence permit in the Schengen area	I'm a non-EU citizen, and I'm studying in Italy.  I traveled to Hungary last week with Ryanair from Italy. I showed them my passport, residence permit and Italian identity card. Everything was OK. But after a week when I wanted to come back to Italy I found that I lost my residence permit. But still I have the passport and identity card (paper).  Now I'm afraid they don't let me get back to Italy at the Hungarian airport. What should I do now?  I have a picture from my residence permit (Permesso di soggiorno).     UPDATE: Fortunately, I found my card in the house, YaaaaY.  
43864	How long does my Indian visa need to be active after I have entered into India?	I have a US passport and an Indian 10 year visa in my old US passport. The visa expires on Aug 19, 2015. Can I travel in India between May and June 2015? or do I have to have at least 6 months left on the visa? 
43866	Use of Euros in Sri Lanka, will they be accepted for small purchases?	Am cruising in a few weeks time &amp; wondering what currency I should take ashore in Sri Lanka as will only be there for one day &amp; will be going on a pre organized tour. Thought a very small amount of local currency would be appropriate for purchase of water, tips etc., but the Rupee is very hard to get hold of in Australia. Would Euros be acceptable for small purchases or what would you suggest? 
44018	Splitting my 90 days in a Schengen country	I know I can only stay 90 days within a 6 month period without a visa in a Schengen country.  If I arrive on Jan 25 and leave on Apr 7, I would have 18 days left on a 90-day stay.  Can I go back to the USA, and then come back within those 180 days, say the last 18 days in that 180 day period, and stay the remaining 18 days that I did not use in the first trip to a Schengen country? 
44021	Schengen 90 days: what's counted?	I'm a Chinese citizen and have a Spain long stay study visa (type D, multi-entry) that's valid for 180 days. The visa expires in April, and I want to know if it is possible to immediately apply for a short term Schengen visa that's valid from May? I've heard that the 90 days per 180-day-period only applies to short stay visas, and the time spent in Spain under the type D long stay visa is not counted. Is that true? 
44027	Apply for a new Schengen visa when you already have a used and valid National visa	Similar questions have been asked here before:  Apply for a new visa when I still have a valid C visa but not enough days of stay?  Can I have multiple Schengen visas for future travels in my passport?  But my example seems a bit different since I do have have a short Schengen visa before. I'm a Chinese citizen and have a used Spain long stay study visa (type D, multi-entry, stay 180 days) that's valid until Apr. 20th. What I want to know is if I can start applying for a short stay visa before the old one expires (i.e. Apr. 20th)? The two visas' valid date do not overlap: I want the new short stay visa to be valid from, say, May. 1st (which is just after the old one has expired).  The answer here says yes. However, in that example while the old one is multi-entry like mine, it does not specify what the new visa type is. Is the example still valid if the old visa is long stay, multi entry but the new one is a short stay, single entry? 
44027	Apply for a new Schengen visa when you already have a used and valid National visa	Similar questions have been asked here before:  Apply for a new visa when I still have a valid C visa but not enough days of stay?  Can I have multiple Schengen visas for future travels in my passport?  But my example seems a bit different since I do have have a short Schengen visa before. I'm a Chinese citizen and have a used Spain long stay study visa (type D, multi-entry, stay 180 days) that's valid until Apr. 20th. What I want to know is if I can start applying for a short stay visa before the old one expires (i.e. Apr. 20th)? The two visas' valid date do not overlap: I want the new short stay visa to be valid from, say, May. 1st (which is just after the old one has expired).  The answer here says yes. However, in that example while the old one is multi-entry like mine, it does not specify what the new visa type is. Is the example still valid if the old visa is long stay, multi entry but the new one is a short stay, single entry? 
44027	Apply for a new Schengen visa when you already have a used and valid National visa	Similar questions have been asked here before:  Apply for a new visa when I still have a valid C visa but not enough days of stay?  Can I have multiple Schengen visas for future travels in my passport?  But my example seems a bit different since I do have have a short Schengen visa before. I'm a Chinese citizen and have a used Spain long stay study visa (type D, multi-entry, stay 180 days) that's valid until Apr. 20th. What I want to know is if I can start applying for a short stay visa before the old one expires (i.e. Apr. 20th)? The two visas' valid date do not overlap: I want the new short stay visa to be valid from, say, May. 1st (which is just after the old one has expired).  The answer here says yes. However, in that example while the old one is multi-entry like mine, it does not specify what the new visa type is. Is the example still valid if the old visa is long stay, multi entry but the new one is a short stay, single entry? 
44029	Any tips for travelling LONG journey with 5 month old	I'm travelling to New Zealand from London on Friday with  my little one. Slightly apprehensive! Its two days of travelling.   Anyone got any tips for keeping him occupied/sleeping/eating etc...  Ive booked a bassinet so hopefully that will help... 
44034	Schengen Visa/Transit Visa question	My husband and I are going to Italy for a 15 day vacation from USA. We are NOT citizens of the states, but we work and live here. Our return flight is from Venice, Italy to Chicago, USA with a layover in Madrid, Spain. We are applying for a Schengen Visa with the Italian Embassy. Will we need a transit visa for our layover in Spain, if we already have an approved Schengen Visa?  Since Italy and Spain are both Schengen countries, we assumed that we would not need a transit visa, but we are getting confused reading online blogs.  
44057	Can one board a flight with photo ID bearing an old last name?	I bought a flight reservation for my mother, not knowing that she never got a drivers license with her new married last name. She has a drivers license with her old last name. The reservation has the new married last name. Will she be allowed to board if she produces her marriage certificate showing the name change from the name on the driver's license to the name on the reservation?  Update: she's in the US, flying with Spirit Airlines 
44089	My residence & work permits in Germany are expiring soon, but I want to stay and travel in Europe. What visa should I apply for?	I'm an Australian citizen working in Germany but my work contract finishes this month along with both my work and residence permits. I would like to stay after my permits expire and travel to other countries in the Schengen area. Do I need to apply for a new visa, and if so then which one?  Note:  I originally arrived in Europe before the start of my work period and used up almost all of the 90 days I was allowed to travel for without a visa.  I also travelled briefly to the UK and back almost six months ago (my passport was stamped for an entry period of six months).  Edit:  I mention my visit to the UK in case of the option to return to the UK and reset my 90 day Schengen travel period. Unfortunately, I visited the UK at about the same I got my six month residence permit, which if I understand correctly means I won't be able to reenter the UK as my six month entry period will have expired.  Timeline:   Arrived in Europe (no visa) Stayed for 80 days Obtained work and residence permits (for six months) Visited UK for two days Worked for over five months in Germany Work/residence permits expire in less than one month  
44089	My residence & work permits in Germany are expiring soon, but I want to stay and travel in Europe. What visa should I apply for?	I'm an Australian citizen working in Germany but my work contract finishes this month along with both my work and residence permits. I would like to stay after my permits expire and travel to other countries in the Schengen area. Do I need to apply for a new visa, and if so then which one?  Note:  I originally arrived in Europe before the start of my work period and used up almost all of the 90 days I was allowed to travel for without a visa.  I also travelled briefly to the UK and back almost six months ago (my passport was stamped for an entry period of six months).  Edit:  I mention my visit to the UK in case of the option to return to the UK and reset my 90 day Schengen travel period. Unfortunately, I visited the UK at about the same I got my six month residence permit, which if I understand correctly means I won't be able to reenter the UK as my six month entry period will have expired.  Timeline:   Arrived in Europe (no visa) Stayed for 80 days Obtained work and residence permits (for six months) Visited UK for two days Worked for over five months in Germany Work/residence permits expire in less than one month  
44091	For a long-haul flight from London Gatwick, is arriving 2½ hours in advance enough?	On a Saturday morning in May, when taking a long haul flight, is it sufficient to arrive at London Gatwick airport 2½ hours in advance?  In my case, trains arrive hourly and arriving 2½ vs. 3½ hours in advance is the difference between leaving home at 6:00 vs. 5:00. 
44089	My residence & work permits in Germany are expiring soon, but I want to stay and travel in Europe. What visa should I apply for?	I'm an Australian citizen working in Germany but my work contract finishes this month along with both my work and residence permits. I would like to stay after my permits expire and travel to other countries in the Schengen area. Do I need to apply for a new visa, and if so then which one?  Note:  I originally arrived in Europe before the start of my work period and used up almost all of the 90 days I was allowed to travel for without a visa.  I also travelled briefly to the UK and back almost six months ago (my passport was stamped for an entry period of six months).  Edit:  I mention my visit to the UK in case of the option to return to the UK and reset my 90 day Schengen travel period. Unfortunately, I visited the UK at about the same I got my six month residence permit, which if I understand correctly means I won't be able to reenter the UK as my six month entry period will have expired.  Timeline:   Arrived in Europe (no visa) Stayed for 80 days Obtained work and residence permits (for six months) Visited UK for two days Worked for over five months in Germany Work/residence permits expire in less than one month  
44125	Is ice subject to the TSA's 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?	I was wondering if ice is subject to the liquids rule.  It is not a liquid, gel, aerosol, cream or paste. 
44124	3 passengers on a multi-city trip and 1 does not intend to take the last leg. Will the other 2 experience problems?	We are three people going from Copenhagen-Philadelphia. I will be staying there because I have permission to work but the other two passengers need to go on to Rome within 20 days because they have permission only for tourism.    Buying one-way tickets Copenhagen-Philadelphia is much more expensive than buying multi-destination tickets Copenhagen-Philadelphia-Rome. I will not take the flight Philadelphia-Rome and do not care if I lose money for it as in any case it would be cheaper than one-way options.  My only concern is: might the other two passengers experience trouble at check-in because one passenger does not show up? 
44139	Buy a roundtrip ticket for two people, but second person only travels on return - is that possible	If I buy airline tickets for a roundtrip for two people, and the second person does not show up for the first part of the roundtrip, do airlines cancel the return ticket for that person, or can that person fly the return trip only? 
44140	Do Ukrainian citizens require a transit visa at Vienna travelling form Ukraine to Serbia?	I am travelling from Ukraine to Serbia, transfer via Vienna airport? Do I need transit visa in this case? 
5890	What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven to Amsterdam?	What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven or Eindhoven airport to Amsterdam and back? 
44168	Do I need a transit visa to change terminals in London Heathrow?	I hold a Nigerian passport and traveling from Nigeria to Canada through London Heathrow and changing flights between terminal 5 and 2. Do I need a transit visa for this connection? 
44171	Carrying 2 laptops and 2 Mobiles to Chennai Airport from Sydney on return back to India	I travelled from Chennai to Sydney, Australia last year in July. I brought a smartphone and personal laptop with me while leaving to Australia and didn’t declare them as they are for my personal use. I have now purchased an iPhone and a MacBook here in Sydney as I am leaving back to India in a few days. Could someone please let me know if there will be any customs cost incurred on carrying these two laptops and two mobile phones in carriage luggage.  Please suggest if there is any way that I can manipulate this situation to get rid of the customs. 
44198	How much is my Nicaraguan money worth in US dollars?	I have a 20,000 Banca Central de Nicaragua Veinte Mil cordobas bill how much in U.S. dollars can I get for this? 
44207	3 months as tourist in USA, then resident in Canada for 2 months, then back to USA for 3 months tourism	I would like to go to America for 3 months for holiday. Then I should spend 2 months working on a temporary resident work visa in Canada. And finally I want to spend some more holiday in America for another 3 months. Am I allowed to follow this itinerary? 
44226	How to deter theft of checked baggage at baggage carousels?	This question worried me and so inspired this question. Provided that an airline traveller must rely on checked baggage, what can one dissuade or forestall such theft?   Friends have confirmed that for example, at London Heathrow Airport, customs precede the luggage claim carousel area, after which no especial law or security enforcement appears to check what one removed from the luggage carousel. So any traveller can access any luggage carousel and steal whatever on the carousel, without premeditation. For example, one may feel like pilfering a random suitcase?  Footnote: I wrote 'defer' in the question title; I assume that foregoing checked baggage is too inconvenient.  
44234	Can you mail yourself to another country? Any country?	This idea comes from this BBC article.  They point out that all crates are screened these days, but I'm wondering if perhaps an airline wouldn't mind if you did it. Presumably it wouldn't be an international one....but if there's anywhere that DOES allow this, either to travel in the cargo hold, or to be 'mailed', I'd accept the answer. 
44234	Can you mail yourself to another country? Any country?	This idea comes from this BBC article.  They point out that all crates are screened these days, but I'm wondering if perhaps an airline wouldn't mind if you did it. Presumably it wouldn't be an international one....but if there's anywhere that DOES allow this, either to travel in the cargo hold, or to be 'mailed', I'd accept the answer. 
44211	Is it true that people "can just take all the luggage off the airport conveyer belt and leave with it."?	"They don't check that it's yours at the door"? According to the mouse-over text for this XKCD comic strip:    That's scary. I wonder what are the chances of getting your luggage stolen (from the conveyor belt, not lost by the airways company). 
44248	Things allowed through Indian customs and minor having iPhone for emergency purposes	can I carry 1 laptop, 1 ipad, and 1 iPhone 6-plus with me to India?  can my 12 years old son carry his own 1 iPhone with him to India, since I would like him to have it in case of emergency of getting lost or kidnapped (it's his 1st trip to India and I was pick pocketed in India 5 years ago)? 
44263	Historical flight data outside of the USA?	Historical flight data only deals with flights in the US sourced from http://apps.bts.gov/xml/ontimesummarystatistics/src/index.xml . Is there similar for EU, Asia etc? 
44281	Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as a Bangladeshi going to the British Virgin Islands	I am a Bangladeshi student. I have got student visa from British Virgin Island immigration.   Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as a Bangladeshi going to the British virgin Islands? 
44276	European driver's license Type B and 10,000lb vehicle in USA	We are a Belgian couple and want to travel in the US with a truck camper. This truck camper will weigh around 10,000 lbs (4500 kg).    In Belgium we have a driver's licence Type B (European and International), the normal driver's licence for a car. But in Europe those licences are limited to vehicles under 7,715 lbs (3500 kg).   Could you tell us whether this driver's licence will be legally sufficient to drive our truck camper of almost 10,000 lbs in the US? 
44312	What can someone do with a digital photo of your identity page and your US visa page?	I lost a USB, which includes 2 photos:   My current US visa  My identity page.    Can someone do harm to me using these 2 photos? I still have the official physical copy of my passport.  
44325	Incentives to change flights	Reading this question I found out how changes in seat capacity are handled, which made me quite curious what kind of incentives are typically offered to people who volunteer to take a different flight. 
44325	Incentives to change flights	Reading this question I found out how changes in seat capacity are handled, which made me quite curious what kind of incentives are typically offered to people who volunteer to take a different flight. 
44343	I booked an TGVAir train+plane ticket with Air France, must I travel the first (train) leg?	I have a booked TGVAir train+plane ticket with Air France. The problem now is that SNCF, the company that will effectively be handling my train journey, announced a train strike on my departure date. Therefore I am now looking to find other means of transportation to the airport (CDG) so that I don't miss the flight part of the journey.  Am I obliged to travel on the train part of the journey? Will my plane ticket be cancelled if I don't? 
44365	First Entry to Swiss with Schengen Visa issued by Austria?	I have filed an application for Schengen visa at the Austrian embassy. Can I first enter Switzerland with that visa or should I start my journey from Austria? 
44371	Can I travel to Schengen Counries with a valid Greece Schengen VISA; I am from India?	I have a Schengen VISA -  It has validity till 28-6-2015 (six month validity) and is  a Type C, Multiple Entry visa for 90 days stay.   My only issue is that it was issued for Greece and at the time of getting the VISA there were no plans for other Schengen visits, at least within next 3-4 months.   But now I have to travel to Schengen Area for official work with Netherlands as the main destination as per below itinerary: Netherlands - 5-10 April France - 11-12 April Netherlands - 13-17 April Spain - 14-15 April    Will my existing Greece VISA be valid for the required travel If not what should I do - a. Get a new Schengen VISA (on top of the existing one) and is that valid? Is there an option where you cancel the existing VISA and then apply for the new one that suits my new itinerary?  
44371	Can I travel to Schengen Counries with a valid Greece Schengen VISA; I am from India?	I have a Schengen VISA -  It has validity till 28-6-2015 (six month validity) and is  a Type C, Multiple Entry visa for 90 days stay.   My only issue is that it was issued for Greece and at the time of getting the VISA there were no plans for other Schengen visits, at least within next 3-4 months.   But now I have to travel to Schengen Area for official work with Netherlands as the main destination as per below itinerary: Netherlands - 5-10 April France - 11-12 April Netherlands - 13-17 April Spain - 14-15 April    Will my existing Greece VISA be valid for the required travel If not what should I do - a. Get a new Schengen VISA (on top of the existing one) and is that valid? Is there an option where you cancel the existing VISA and then apply for the new one that suits my new itinerary?  
44372	apply for visa for travel to Morocco	I would like to apply a visa for travel to Morocco from Tehran.   How can I get the application? 
44375	How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?	I am an Indian and have been using Indian style toilets for all my life, Now that I have a knee injury, I am forced to go to Western Style toilets. I find it really hard to empty my bowels in western toilets. I keep myself seated in there but with no results for long durations. Any suggestion is welcome on how to adapt to this. 
44375	How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?	I am an Indian and have been using Indian style toilets for all my life, Now that I have a knee injury, I am forced to go to Western Style toilets. I find it really hard to empty my bowels in western toilets. I keep myself seated in there but with no results for long durations. Any suggestion is welcome on how to adapt to this. 
44370	UK transit visa, can my brother bring my daughter to UK when travelling to US	I am already working in UK, my daughter (2 years) is in India and she just got a dependent visa last week. I was supposed to go to India for 2 week to pick her up later this month BUT now there is a possibility that my brother who is in India and may be travelling to US on B2(visit visa) later this month. he does not have any UK visa. So I was wondering on the following points…   If he can take US ticket via London (layover flight), can I meet him on Heathrow? Does he needs to have a transit visa? If yes, then where and how long does it take to apply for one? If not, can he bring my daughter outside, so i can take her from arrival point at Heathrow? My daughter needs to go through Immigration control and my brother needs to also take her luggage and bring her to arrival point so i can take her from there. does he also needs to go through immigration control, even through he will not come outside the airport at any point.   On Gov.uk it says that if you have a confirmed flight to your destination within 24 hours and do not go though immigration control then you do not need to have a visa, in my situation he needs to take my daughter to immigration control and to pick her luggage.  Could any one please suggest, what are my options? 
44392	Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?	I am planning to travel to Bali during the month of July. I have a driving license of India, but I don't have an International Driving Permit. Is it fine to drive a motorcycle in Bali with out it? What are the alternatives that I can look out for in this case? 
44342	Why would I choose full service carrier instead of a low-cost one?	I just started flying recently, and over the last two years, I was on a plane about once a month. Now, all my trips were between European cities. I have been successfully using Ryanair, Wizzair, and Vueling with zero negative experiences. I've been considering the full-service airlines for some time now, but every time I check them, the prices are an order of magnitude higher - I usually pay around 100 Euro both ways (and another 100 for luggage and travel to the city itself from the satellite airport), while the full-service airlines charge 1000-2000 Euro for the same flight.   One motivation I can think of are business trips, where you're going somewhere for one day and can't afford the additional hour on the bus/train on the way to the main city. Also, I like having ample space for my legs, but I can suffer being marginally uncomfortable for one hour in order to save a thousand bucks. But what are any other reasons to pay all this money?  
44400	Chinese citizen/passport making connection flight in Zurich	If I hold a Chinese passport, but I have a green card USA and I am landing in Zurich and staying at the airport for my connecting flight to Beijing, do I need a visa? 
44382	Transport in Belgium	I am going to stay for 4 days in Belgium. I am planning to visit Brussels for 1 day, Bruges for 2 days and Ghent or Antwerpen. Which is the cheapest way to travel between Brussels and Bruges, Brussels and Ghent or Bruges and Ghent? Can you recommend me a bus company? I know by train is pretty expensive. 
44406	How soon can I reapply for another Schengen visa after using a granted visa to the Netherlands?	I am going to apply for a multiple-entry visa to Netherlands this coming May. If I will be given only a single entry how soon can I apply again for another Schengen visa because I am planning to go to Paris in July too? 
44406	How soon can I reapply for another Schengen visa after using a granted visa to the Netherlands?	I am going to apply for a multiple-entry visa to Netherlands this coming May. If I will be given only a single entry how soon can I apply again for another Schengen visa because I am planning to go to Paris in July too? 
44413	Luggage storage at San Francisco Airport	Is there any luggage storage facility at San Francisco airport? I'm checking our from my hotel in Burlingame and spending the day in downtown SF and was hoping not to have to go back to Burlingame to pick up my luggage. 
44375	How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?	I am an Indian and have been using Indian style toilets for all my life, Now that I have a knee injury, I am forced to go to Western Style toilets. I find it really hard to empty my bowels in western toilets. I keep myself seated in there but with no results for long durations. Any suggestion is welcome on how to adapt to this. 
44375	How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?	I am an Indian and have been using Indian style toilets for all my life, Now that I have a knee injury, I am forced to go to Western Style toilets. I find it really hard to empty my bowels in western toilets. I keep myself seated in there but with no results for long durations. Any suggestion is welcome on how to adapt to this. 
44400	Chinese citizen/passport making connection flight in Zurich	If I hold a Chinese passport, but I have a green card USA and I am landing in Zurich and staying at the airport for my connecting flight to Beijing, do I need a visa? 
44423	Is it safe to travel to Kiev at the moment?	I know there is war in the Eastern part of Ukraine at the moment but how is the situation in Kiev? Is it safe to travel there at the moment? 
44342	Why would I choose full service carrier instead of a low-cost one?	I just started flying recently, and over the last two years, I was on a plane about once a month. Now, all my trips were between European cities. I have been successfully using Ryanair, Wizzair, and Vueling with zero negative experiences. I've been considering the full-service airlines for some time now, but every time I check them, the prices are an order of magnitude higher - I usually pay around 100 Euro both ways (and another 100 for luggage and travel to the city itself from the satellite airport), while the full-service airlines charge 1000-2000 Euro for the same flight.   One motivation I can think of are business trips, where you're going somewhere for one day and can't afford the additional hour on the bus/train on the way to the main city. Also, I like having ample space for my legs, but I can suffer being marginally uncomfortable for one hour in order to save a thousand bucks. But what are any other reasons to pay all this money?  
44437	Re-Applying for Schengen Visa in Germany as Visiting family and Friends Visa?	I have already applied a Schengen Visa as Visiting Family and Friends Visa. I was given 90 days from 28 of November, 2014 to 25 of February, 2015. I've flew from Philippines and arrived in Germany 30th of November, 2014 and went back to my country (Philippines) last 23 of February, 2015. I am now re-applying for a new visa. How long should I stay in Philippines before I can go back to Germany again for the same visa I have applied before. 
44459	90 day limit for visa waiver program	I am a British citizen and have been travelling here in the USA, basically when I booked my return flight I wanted to get the full 90 days’ worth but I miscalculated by one too many days. I'm set to return to the UK on the 5th when I am legally obliged to do so on the 4th. It’s going to cost me some money to get that changed, but I was already planning to visit some friends who are currently living in Colombia, then returning back to the US.    Will this trip restart my ESTA time and therefore mean I won’t have to change my return flight? 
44457	Travelling through UK - H1B (Visa stamp expired) but have a UK visitor's visa	I am an Indian citizen. I am going to India on a vacation. I am planning to have my flight via London. I've a layover there at London for almost 5-6 hours. I have a visitor's visa for UK but not planning to visit the city this time, my concern is that my H1 stamp on my passport has expired.    Can I pass through London with expired US visa stamp on my passport as I have UK visitor's visa on my passport? 
44462	Is there a list of countries that do not reset the time limit for Canada visits?	When travelling to the USA, you cannot reset the 90-day counter by going to Canada or Mexico, if you are a national of a country taking part in the Visa Waiver Program.  Is there similarly a rule for tourists (with or without a visa) in Canada, that prevents them from visiting a neighbouring country to reset the time they are allowed?  In particular, I am interested in the tiny islands of St-Pierre-et-Miquelon, which are a French territory. Could some Canadian visitor go there to reset the counter (obviously, assuming that this traveller is allowed to enter France)?  EDIT : I think I wrote my question in a confusing manner. What I have in mind is to figure the countries that 1. travellers with visa can visit without causing the visa to expire, 2. travellers without a visa who were allowed to visit Canada for X days, would not see this counter reset if they visit this country.  Let me know if this makes the question clearer, or if it is just confusing. 
44467	Transit visa for India or NOT?	I will be travelling from Katmandu to Istanbul with a 5 hour stopover in Delhi is a transit visa required.I have British passport and will not be leaving international airport. 
5193	Best way to make my ears pop?	What is the best way to make my ears pop when landing on a plane? The hold-your-nose-and-pitch method is very painful; are there any other methods to pop ears? 
44472	Schengen overstay penalty / effect on next Schengen visit?	I have been visiting Denmark with my C type tourist visa which was valid from 21.09.2014-21.03.2015 multiple entry and duration of stay 90 days. I didn't know about the 90/180 day rule so without knowing it, I have stayed there first from 21.09.2014-16.12.2014 (87 days) and after 20.12.2014-16.02.2015 (59 days), I mean totally 146 days in this 180 days period. But luckily nobody noticed it in the airport while I was leaving. No stamps, no penalties, nothing.    After turning back to my country, I applied to visa again and the Consulate of Denmark, without any questions, provided me again C type tourist visa which is valid from 22.03.2015 to 22.03.2016 multiple entry and duration of stay 90 days. Sorry about my ignorance but my question is:  I want to visit Denmark in 22.3.2015 again, Would the passport control officers notice and penalize me because of my last overstay, and this 90/180 day rule would start from my new valid visa or when exactly? 
44500	In which countries (or states) can a traveler smoke weed and not face any legal charges?	According to the accepted answer to this question tourists cannot smoke weed anymore in coffee shops, in Amsterdam. It is allowed only for residents. It also seems that smoking weed in Prague is not tolerated. On the other way, it seems to be legal to smoke it in Colorado.  I want to know if there are other countries (or states) in the world where a traveler can smoke weed and not face any legal charges. Consider, for the sake of this question, it is ok if there are restrictions that an ordinary traveler can fulfill like being allowed to smoke only in specific places and not in public. If the restrictions are a bit harder, like having some health condition (or a doctor's prescription) or having some resident obtain the herb and give it to you, than it's not a good answer to this question. 
44500	In which countries (or states) can a traveler smoke weed and not face any legal charges?	According to the accepted answer to this question tourists cannot smoke weed anymore in coffee shops, in Amsterdam. It is allowed only for residents. It also seems that smoking weed in Prague is not tolerated. On the other way, it seems to be legal to smoke it in Colorado.  I want to know if there are other countries (or states) in the world where a traveler can smoke weed and not face any legal charges. Consider, for the sake of this question, it is ok if there are restrictions that an ordinary traveler can fulfill like being allowed to smoke only in specific places and not in public. If the restrictions are a bit harder, like having some health condition (or a doctor's prescription) or having some resident obtain the herb and give it to you, than it's not a good answer to this question. 
44500	In which countries (or states) can a traveler smoke weed and not face any legal charges?	According to the accepted answer to this question tourists cannot smoke weed anymore in coffee shops, in Amsterdam. It is allowed only for residents. It also seems that smoking weed in Prague is not tolerated. On the other way, it seems to be legal to smoke it in Colorado.  I want to know if there are other countries (or states) in the world where a traveler can smoke weed and not face any legal charges. Consider, for the sake of this question, it is ok if there are restrictions that an ordinary traveler can fulfill like being allowed to smoke only in specific places and not in public. If the restrictions are a bit harder, like having some health condition (or a doctor's prescription) or having some resident obtain the herb and give it to you, than it's not a good answer to this question. 
44495	Do I need two transit visas for travelling through the US?	I am flying from Canada to Costa Rica, but connecting in Houston.  I am an Indian citizen so I will need to get a transit visa to be allowed into the US.  Do I need to apply for two such transit visas (second for the return flight)?  If so, do I apply for both at the same time? 
44515	What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?	Am I correct in thinking that hotels give cheaper prices if you book last-minute so that they are not "stuck" with empty rooms (during periods they don't have to many guests and a lot of free rooms available)? 
44515	What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?	Am I correct in thinking that hotels give cheaper prices if you book last-minute so that they are not "stuck" with empty rooms (during periods they don't have to many guests and a lot of free rooms available)? 
44515	What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?	Am I correct in thinking that hotels give cheaper prices if you book last-minute so that they are not "stuck" with empty rooms (during periods they don't have to many guests and a lot of free rooms available)? 
44515	What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?	Am I correct in thinking that hotels give cheaper prices if you book last-minute so that they are not "stuck" with empty rooms (during periods they don't have to many guests and a lot of free rooms available)? 
44518	Why is Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver more expensive than Bangalore - Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver?	I tried looking for a flight from Bangalore to London and London to Denver.  Bangalore to Mumbai. 16 hour layover. Mumbai to London. London to Dallas. Dallas to Denver. ----- 48K  When I searched for Mumbai to London and London to Denver:  Mumbai to London. London to Dallas. Dallas to Denver. ---- 54K  Why is the second option costlier when its actually one flight lesser than the previous one.  The flights are for the same day and same flights. I have verified that. 
44518	Why is Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver more expensive than Bangalore - Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver?	I tried looking for a flight from Bangalore to London and London to Denver.  Bangalore to Mumbai. 16 hour layover. Mumbai to London. London to Dallas. Dallas to Denver. ----- 48K  When I searched for Mumbai to London and London to Denver:  Mumbai to London. London to Dallas. Dallas to Denver. ---- 54K  Why is the second option costlier when its actually one flight lesser than the previous one.  The flights are for the same day and same flights. I have verified that. 
44529	Traveling from Ireland to UK on a South African passport?	I have dual nationality ie a British and a South African passport. My British passport has expired I will be renew once in in the UK. I will be travelling from South Africa, into Dublin and onto Heathrow. Do I need a visa using my South African passport commuting from IRELAND to UK?       Many thanks Tania 
44529	Traveling from Ireland to UK on a South African passport?	I have dual nationality ie a British and a South African passport. My British passport has expired I will be renew once in in the UK. I will be travelling from South Africa, into Dublin and onto Heathrow. Do I need a visa using my South African passport commuting from IRELAND to UK?       Many thanks Tania 
44541	American Allowance in Schengen Area vs Having a Schengen Visa in Schengen area	I am aware of the 90/180 rule of the Schengen agreement stating that one in possession of a Schengen visa can only stay in the Shengen area (regardless of which country it is) for 90 days in any 180-day period. I am an American citizen and as such I believe that I do not need a Schengen visa to enter any of the countries comprising the Schengen agreement. That being said, I am still limited to a 90-day stay in whatever country it is, just like those who have a Schengen visa. However, this is my question:  I'm not sure if that allowance for an American citizen of a 90-day stay is unique to the country in which I am staying OR if it applies to the entire Schengen area just like the Schengen visa. For example: would I be able to enter, say, France (which is a part of the Schengen area) for a maximum of 90 days, and then travel to Germany (which is also a part of the Schengen area) for a new 90-day period?  This of course would not be possible with a Schengen visa, because the Schengen area is basically acting as a united country as far as the Schengen visa is concerned. Is this the same for the American allowance of a 90 day stay? Or can I stay in the individual countries for periods of 90 days?  
44467	Transit visa for India or NOT?	I will be travelling from Katmandu to Istanbul with a 5 hour stopover in Delhi is a transit visa required.I have British passport and will not be leaving international airport. 
44540	Refused PLAB visa last year, reapplying now	I visited my sister in UK last year for 6 months sep-mar 2014, for which I got family visitors visa during which I had cleared my PLAB 1 and had vacation with my sister and her family in UK. Immediately after my exit from UK, I applied for a business visitor visa for PLAB 2 exam, which was refused on the grounds of my intention to defacto residence in UK with multiple entries with 1 year my stay would be of more than 6 months, and I didn't show any employment details.   Now after 1 year I am reapplying visa for PLAB exam, I have an employment letter, payslips and a sponsorship letter from my sister with all her supporting documents. But my account has only 20000 rupees I.e £200, my dad has £5000 in his account and my sister(in UK) has 3000£ in her account. Would this be sufficient or should I make any changes now? Kindly guide me how to apply in a better way to avoid refusal this time. Should I show my salary getting deposited in my bank statement or payslips are enough? 
44543	Entry permit to italy with polish national visa	I have Polish National Visa valid for one year. D type, multi entry. But I haven't gone to Poland yet, because I had to go to one project, which got rejected its financial part, so I didn't go there yet.  But I have a project in Italy for one week in April.  I can't apply for italian visa, because they can't give me any, if I have already valid visa for Poland. So my question is can I have my first entry to Italy with Polish National Visa. Can you please give me information regarding this? 
44551	Renting a car in the USA — how to know costs for the legal minimum liability insurance, before arriving for pickup?	I have found that in the USA, advertised car rental prices do not include liability insurance. When I arrive to pickup the car, I always have to pay an extra x $/day so I can legally drive. This is not related to all the optional coverages they're trying to sell. In my experience, this $x$ usually exceeds the price for the actual rental, thus I end up paying more than twice the originally advertised rate. How can I tell in advance how much this is going to be — before I arrive to the counter for picking up the car?  On the websites of Hertz or others, there is some information (without quoting prices) about supplemental liability](https://www.hertz.com/rentacar/productservice/index.jsp?targetPage=USHowProtectedAreYou.jsp#Hertz_Liability_Insurance_Supplement_%28LIS%29)), but I can't find anything on the basic insurance required to legally drive.  According to this answer, if I go to a European Hertz page, I will get a quoted price including liability insurance.  Indeed, the quoted price by hertz.co.uk is more than twice the quoted price by hertz.com, which is consistent with differences I have experienced between advertised and de facto prices for car rental including the legal minimum of liability. The two screenshots below show the exact same period and location, as advertised by hertz.com (upper) and hertz.co.uk (lower):      The US one makes no mention of insurance.  The UK one does, only to say that Personal insurance is not included.  I guess that means personal accident insurance, not the legally minimum liability insurance.  So although it appears to be not explicitly stated, the difference in price between hertz.com and hertz.co.uk is consistent with my experience of legally minimum liability insurance costing more than car rental itself. Is this indeed what explains the difference?  Or is there a way to find out the costs if I rent through hertz.com, then purchase the legally minimum liability insurance as I pick up the car?  In case it matters: my license is Dutch, I live in Canada, my wife is French, lives in the US, her license is from the US. Neither of us have any other insurance. In my experience there is no difference between the price quoted for her or for me. 
44556	Type of visa required for an Indian to visit London city during layover?	I am an Indian passport holder. My family is visiting USA. We have 11 hours layover at Hethrow.    Can We visit London city with a visitor in transit visa? If not what type of visa I should apply for?   Many forums gives conflicting information. Pl. help by giving accurate answer.  Many thanks 
42164	Prepaid SIM card for data in France (Paris)	I'm going to travel to Paris in two weeks for 5 days. I'd like to buy a prepaid SIM card for my phone, no calls or SMS needed - only data is sufficient. I've looked through French mobile operators and found nothing really acceptable. For example, in Finland I bought SIM card for €5 with 3GB of data.   So, the question is - what is the best SIM card for me, assuming that 1GB is enough (considering the prices) and that I am actually will be able to use it (I've read that some operators turn on mobile data only after 5 days which is unacceptable for me considering that I'll be there for 5 days only)? 
44564	Do I need a transit visa for a 14 hour layover in India as a British Citizen?	I have a flight in September from Thailand to the UK with a layover in India. The layover is just under 14 hours, I am a UK citizen and I do not plan on leaving the airport. I haven't been able to find any firm advice on whether I will need a transit visa. The UKGOV.com official site says a transit visa will be required to travel through India, as I am travelling by air into India and straight back out again, will I need a visa? 
44564	Do I need a transit visa for a 14 hour layover in India as a British Citizen?	I have a flight in September from Thailand to the UK with a layover in India. The layover is just under 14 hours, I am a UK citizen and I do not plan on leaving the airport. I haven't been able to find any firm advice on whether I will need a transit visa. The UKGOV.com official site says a transit visa will be required to travel through India, as I am travelling by air into India and straight back out again, will I need a visa? 
44551	Renting a car in the USA — how to know costs for the legal minimum liability insurance, before arriving for pickup?	I have found that in the USA, advertised car rental prices do not include liability insurance. When I arrive to pickup the car, I always have to pay an extra x $/day so I can legally drive. This is not related to all the optional coverages they're trying to sell. In my experience, this $x$ usually exceeds the price for the actual rental, thus I end up paying more than twice the originally advertised rate. How can I tell in advance how much this is going to be — before I arrive to the counter for picking up the car?  On the websites of Hertz or others, there is some information (without quoting prices) about supplemental liability](https://www.hertz.com/rentacar/productservice/index.jsp?targetPage=USHowProtectedAreYou.jsp#Hertz_Liability_Insurance_Supplement_%28LIS%29)), but I can't find anything on the basic insurance required to legally drive.  According to this answer, if I go to a European Hertz page, I will get a quoted price including liability insurance.  Indeed, the quoted price by hertz.co.uk is more than twice the quoted price by hertz.com, which is consistent with differences I have experienced between advertised and de facto prices for car rental including the legal minimum of liability. The two screenshots below show the exact same period and location, as advertised by hertz.com (upper) and hertz.co.uk (lower):      The US one makes no mention of insurance.  The UK one does, only to say that Personal insurance is not included.  I guess that means personal accident insurance, not the legally minimum liability insurance.  So although it appears to be not explicitly stated, the difference in price between hertz.com and hertz.co.uk is consistent with my experience of legally minimum liability insurance costing more than car rental itself. Is this indeed what explains the difference?  Or is there a way to find out the costs if I rent through hertz.com, then purchase the legally minimum liability insurance as I pick up the car?  In case it matters: my license is Dutch, I live in Canada, my wife is French, lives in the US, her license is from the US. Neither of us have any other insurance. In my experience there is no difference between the price quoted for her or for me. 
44575	Why is Montreal airport code YUL?	I get the Y is for Canadian airports, but while YVR comes from Vancouver, YOW for Ottawa for example I don't see what UL can relate to. Is it just a meaningless acronym ?  Edit: I'm not asking why they start with Y, that seems a convention, but rather what does the UL relate to 
44578	How is the range of Google Maps new drive time feature defined?	I just noticed Google Maps new feature.  It allows the user to get approximate drive times for a specific date and time using average traffic conditions.  This is a feature which many people have been wanting for quite some time.  It allows the user to choose to depart at a specific time or arrive at a specific time.  In the later case it recommends a time for the user to leave.  The drive time is given as a possible range of times (see the screencap below).    My question is; how is this range of times defined?  Is it the minimum to maximum range, the 90% confidence interval, or perhaps the 25th to 75th percentile?   
27485	Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?	In supported regions, Google Maps will tell me how long it will take to drive from A to B in current traffic conditions.  It can also colour-code roads according to traffic conditions for a specific date and time of the week.  However, is it possible to estimate driving time for a specific date and time of the week?  (For a (long) weekend trip, I'm estimating whether it's worth to take the train from Toronto to Barrie and rent a car from there, as opposed to renting a car from Toronto) 
44580	Which car should we rent to visit several European countries?	We are planning a road trip from Darmstadt - Milan - Pisa - venice - pula - Vienna - Budapest - Bratsilava - Prague - Darmstadt.   Countries covered are: Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Croatia, Austria, Hungary and Czech.   I hope we will not be carrying much of luggage and staying at hostels in between. Trip will start probably from 29th of march and end on 12th April. (Around 14 days)  We are planning to rent a car from Sixt or similar car hiring services.  Which car will be comfortable and economical for 4-5 people?  Considering weather and road conditions in this route.  Will there be any other problem such as Gas station is not available for a long distance etc.. in this route?  Any help regarding the same is appreciated. 
44580	Which car should we rent to visit several European countries?	We are planning a road trip from Darmstadt - Milan - Pisa - venice - pula - Vienna - Budapest - Bratsilava - Prague - Darmstadt.   Countries covered are: Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Croatia, Austria, Hungary and Czech.   I hope we will not be carrying much of luggage and staying at hostels in between. Trip will start probably from 29th of march and end on 12th April. (Around 14 days)  We are planning to rent a car from Sixt or similar car hiring services.  Which car will be comfortable and economical for 4-5 people?  Considering weather and road conditions in this route.  Will there be any other problem such as Gas station is not available for a long distance etc.. in this route?  Any help regarding the same is appreciated. 
44576	Can I ride a small moped/motorcycle elsewhere in Europe, with a UK driving license with "p" category entitlement?	Before reading much more of this question, you might want to peruse the wikipedia pages for European Driving Licenses - Categories valid in all EEA countries and UK Driving License - Driving license categories  I have a full UK driving license. However, it's only valid for cars, not motorbikes - I have B category, and a few others, but no A / A1 / AM etc. However, it does have the small motorbike / moped p class, which wikipedia describes as     Motorcycles - Engine capacity must not exceed 50 cc and the maximum design speed must not exceed 50 km/h (31 mph).   When on holiday elsewhere in Europe, does this allow me to rent and ride very small mopeds? Or is the p category entitlement valid only in the UK? 
44597	How can I find out if someone is in the Schengen Information System (SIS)?	Long story short my elderly mom (74) with USA passport overstayed in Spain and got a fine put on her coming out of France. She did not tell us how long she would be banned for. I want her to come see me in Spain (I have residence and worked here for 15 years).  How can I find out if she is in the SIS system? Will she be able to fly into Spain directly? She left france March 1 2015, I only got back to Spain yesterday and have tried to contact immigration lawyers. Any insight, information handholding, support appreciated in advance. 
44578	How is the range of Google Maps new drive time feature defined?	I just noticed Google Maps new feature.  It allows the user to get approximate drive times for a specific date and time using average traffic conditions.  This is a feature which many people have been wanting for quite some time.  It allows the user to choose to depart at a specific time or arrive at a specific time.  In the later case it recommends a time for the user to leave.  The drive time is given as a possible range of times (see the screencap below).    My question is; how is this range of times defined?  Is it the minimum to maximum range, the 90% confidence interval, or perhaps the 25th to 75th percentile?   
44633	Difference between Airport Hotels and Transit Hotels?	What is the difference between airport hotels and transit hotels?  For years, I always got the idea that airport hotels are hotels that are located within the airport vicinity (for easy accessibility to/from airport), while transit hotels are hotels are located within the airside zone of the airport, meaning you can walk off the airplane to that hotel until your next departure without the need of passing passport control.   Now I start to have doubts that what I always understood about this is wrong, should I correct my information or not? in other words, can I safely assume that any transit hotel is a hotel located airside by default? 
44628	Long Layover in Zurich Airport	I am traveling from Egypt to the US using Swiss airlines. The layover at Zurich airport is 16hrs. I found that there is a transit hotel at Zurich airport next to gates B/D.   Can I access this hotel if I don't have a Schengen visa? 
44628	Long Layover in Zurich Airport	I am traveling from Egypt to the US using Swiss airlines. The layover at Zurich airport is 16hrs. I found that there is a transit hotel at Zurich airport next to gates B/D.   Can I access this hotel if I don't have a Schengen visa? 
44647	Are the Schengen "airport transit visa" even checked?	I was reading about Schengen transit visas today, and in an answer I saw that Schengen requires some people to have an airport transit visa. This visa is apparently for entering the international transit area of airports located in Schengen, i.e. not entering the Schengen area, not crossing any border.  This means that to just get out of the plane that brought you there, you will need a visa. In the answer, it is mentioned that it is the duty of the airline that flew you there to check for this visa, that they risk a fine.  But, in fact, as far as I know, airline crew is not entitled to perform any police/border duty, is it? In many cases they check the passengers' passports to make sure passengers are allowed at their destination because airlines are supposed to carry the passengers back if passengers are not allowed (I vaguely remember reading about this), but I am not sure airlines are allowed to deny any passenger to board for lack of visa.  On top of that, there is no control directly at the exit of a plane in Schengen area, so if a passenger merely transits in the international area, it is not even possible to control this person was there.  So, is this airport transit visa rule actually enforced?  
44654	Why do Eurotunnel do cheaper fares for shorter trips	Eurotunnel offer different fare rates depending on how long your trip is. For example, their cheapest is the day trip / overnight rate. Next is the short trip, and finally is the "long" stay.  The question is, why do they offer this? What possible difference could it make to Eurotunnel to charge me less if I come back sooner?  
44658	How to protect an expensive backpack in airplane hold?	Last year I bought a nice osprey backpack and I stupidly (after removing loose straps) put the bag through check in without wrapping it up in cling film or whatever. and it got a bit damaged by way of a cut into the fabric.   what is the best way to protect an expensive backpack in airplane luggage? I have to use it as my main way of carrying luggage as its too big to warrante taking 2 large bags.   Any tips? E.g. on the flight back I put this backpack inside a cheap quechua dry bag with rucksack straps which protected it but it was a tight squeeze and a pain to get everything in.   Cling film wrapping seems to be an obvious option but looks like a pain in the ass. 
44660	US citizen with my 90 days almost over - if I leave Italy and go to Croatia and back to Italy will my 90 days reset?	I've read a plethora of forums and websites on this topic. It appears that many experienced and recent travelers do this and there is no problem, especially from France, Italy, Spain and Germany. Yet, I'm in no position to take a serious chance and I do want to come back here  as a self employed person, possibly get a Visa when I go back to the States. I would love if I could go hang out in Croatia for a few days and come back here and have my visitor pass renewed another 90 days. Getting close to the deadline to change my air ticket and I need a definite answer. I have read the legit country websites and rules and...still, is this possible? I'm guessing between Schengen and Non-Schengen zones and I being an American, they will run my passport through the digital stamp? OR -- Since I'm renting an apartment here and living underground a bit...chance the stay until June (arrived Jan 1)and chance they won't notice or care about my over-stay. Not ideal, since I want to return. 
44666	Indian national transiting through heathrow from Paris	BA 1536 24APR DFW(Dallas)-CDG(Paris) HK1  1505  #0735   BA 307 09MAY CDG(Paris)-LHR(London) HK1  1030   1050   BA 119 09MAY LHR(London)-BLR(Bangalore) HK1  1420  #0445  I have a flight which originates from Dallas, goes to Paris, and from Paris gets to Bangalore via London. The transit time is less than 3 hours and I will not have any check-in luggage (so no border control?). As per my understanding I should be exempt since I have a valid US visa. https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa/y/india/transit/no  But my travel agent says I need a transit visa for London. Does anybody know the updated rules for transit? 
44688	USA - Combining business with pleasure	I will soon be going on a business trip to USA. I will be travelling on a B1 visa. My business will be for 4 weeks there. I would like to spend a week after I conclude my business, with my sister, who lives in US.   For some context, I have been on 3 business trips on the same visa earlier.   My employer's invite letter expects me to provide the exact dates for From and To and the duration. I'm bit confused about what I should mention. Should I mention the 4 weeks that are strictly business, or 5 weeks of my total duration in US? My employer pays me for accommodation, per diem only for the 4 weeks of my trip. This is also mentioned in the letter, apparently.  Will 5 weeks be considered too long for a business trip? In the past, I have always been given a 6 months duration in my I-94. My last trip was in 2011. Not sure if the immigration screenings have become strict since then.  Thanks. 
44694	Traveling to Iceland with a US Passport	I'm heading to Europe this summer, and I'm flying El Cheapo Airlines. However, I have an 8 hour layover in the airport near Reykjavik. Free trip to Iceland? Count me in!   Can I leave and return to the airport freely with a valid United States passport? If not, what arrangements do I need to make with the Icelandic government?  
44695	Tourist visa is with my old passport number instead of my new renewed passport	UAE tourist visa with cancelled old passport and with renewed new passport. Can I travel? 
44700	Do I need a visa for a connecting flight through Paris	I am going from Dubai to Canada. Paris is one of my connecting flight,do I need to get a visa here? 
44705	Advice on Hotel - Travelling to visit my girlfriend in Russia	In few months I will be traveling to Russia to visit my gf there. I will be booking a Hotel just for myself, will the staff/reception/security have any issues with letting my gf get into the Hotel during the day/evening? How does this work or do you have any advice please?  PS: She wouldn't be able to sleep over otherwise I would have booked for two people. 
44682	Does my Schengen visa allow me to enter the Schengen area into another state after I've finished my visit to the issuing state?	Does my Schengen Visa allow me to re-enter the Schengen zone after I've completed my initial visit to the issuing country? My visa is still valid for about a year. I'm intending on visiting a different country in the Schengen zone other than the one who issued it and don't intend on visiting the issuing country on this occasion. As my Schengen is still valid, that should be fine? 
44732	How to access Killarney Provincial park (Ontario) by public transportation	There is near Sudbury, Ontario a provincial park called Killarney Provincial park. According to this answer there is a bus that runs, sometimes, to access it. However this bus seems to only run a few weekends in August.  I looked at Greyhound website and while they have stops called Killarney, ON and Killarney Rd, ON, there does not seem to be any bus serving them.  Is there a public transportation service that serves Killarney provincial park during the summer (ideally not only in August)? 
44731	do i need a transit visa for Paris is coming from the US to Czech Republic?	I am really confused about the transit visa. I have a 2hr layover in Paris from the US on my way to Prague. DO i need to apply for a transit Visa? 
44726	Amsterdam to Berlin - Hire Car	I am hoping to hire a car to travel from Amsterdam to Berlin for a few days. Are there any issues I need to be aware off when taking a hire car between these two countries?  I hold an International Driving Permit, and a valid licence in my home country. 
44748	can an unused type c schengen visa issued by netherlands be used to visit prague if being used first time?	i have an unused type c multiple entry Schengen visa issued in 2013 from netherlands embasy in Mumbai, India.Its validity is till 6/3/16.  i am an Indian citizen and have not visited any european country since the visa had been issued. It was originally issued by the company for which i was working to go for a business visit. But unfortunately that trip did not happen and i have no documents left to show such a trip was planned as i have changed my job since 2014.  I am planning a leisure Uk and Euro trip as a tourist in july 2015.   first i will visit london and then fly to Europe where my first port of entry will be prague.  i wish to know if i need to get another visa issued since i have not used the previous visa which is currently valid and my port of entry is different from the port where the visa was issued? 
44770	How can I remove highway vignettes and other miscellaneous stickers from the windshield of my car?	Taking this marvellous question as inspiration, I travel a lot by car, often in countries that require me to buy a vignette to use the motorways. Moreover it is usually mandatory to stick the vignette inside the windshield of the car, to prevent re-use. However, these vignettes are designed to tear off in mosaic-sized pieces as soon as one attempts to remove them, this too probably to prevent re-use.  Since I am fed up of collecting vignettes from various countries and solar years, I would like to start removing all the unnecessary ones. Is there a smart and effective way to remove these tough stickers from the inside of my car wind-shield without damaging neither it nor the car? 
44748	can an unused type c schengen visa issued by netherlands be used to visit prague if being used first time?	i have an unused type c multiple entry Schengen visa issued in 2013 from netherlands embasy in Mumbai, India.Its validity is till 6/3/16.  i am an Indian citizen and have not visited any european country since the visa had been issued. It was originally issued by the company for which i was working to go for a business visit. But unfortunately that trip did not happen and i have no documents left to show such a trip was planned as i have changed my job since 2014.  I am planning a leisure Uk and Euro trip as a tourist in july 2015.   first i will visit london and then fly to Europe where my first port of entry will be prague.  i wish to know if i need to get another visa issued since i have not used the previous visa which is currently valid and my port of entry is different from the port where the visa was issued? 
13362	Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	In case, if I get a multiple-entry Schengen visa in one of the embassies in Ukraine, Kyiv - should my first trip be to the country which issued the visa?  Any there any requirements of this sort? Does this condition vary depending on embassy which issued the visa?  What are the possible consequences on not visiting that country first? Does it somehow depend on country where the embassy is (i.e. non-Schengen and not EU members)? 
13362	Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	In case, if I get a multiple-entry Schengen visa in one of the embassies in Ukraine, Kyiv - should my first trip be to the country which issued the visa?  Any there any requirements of this sort? Does this condition vary depending on embassy which issued the visa?  What are the possible consequences on not visiting that country first? Does it somehow depend on country where the embassy is (i.e. non-Schengen and not EU members)? 
13362	Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	In case, if I get a multiple-entry Schengen visa in one of the embassies in Ukraine, Kyiv - should my first trip be to the country which issued the visa?  Any there any requirements of this sort? Does this condition vary depending on embassy which issued the visa?  What are the possible consequences on not visiting that country first? Does it somehow depend on country where the embassy is (i.e. non-Schengen and not EU members)? 
13362	Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	In case, if I get a multiple-entry Schengen visa in one of the embassies in Ukraine, Kyiv - should my first trip be to the country which issued the visa?  Any there any requirements of this sort? Does this condition vary depending on embassy which issued the visa?  What are the possible consequences on not visiting that country first? Does it somehow depend on country where the embassy is (i.e. non-Schengen and not EU members)? 
44783	What countries can I transit on my way to Kenya without requiring a visa?	I am a usa resident with a Kenya passport what countries can I transit on my way to Kenya without requiring a visa for the country I transit through? 
44576	Can I ride a small moped/motorcycle elsewhere in Europe, with a UK driving license with "p" category entitlement?	Before reading much more of this question, you might want to peruse the wikipedia pages for European Driving Licenses - Categories valid in all EEA countries and UK Driving License - Driving license categories  I have a full UK driving license. However, it's only valid for cars, not motorbikes - I have B category, and a few others, but no A / A1 / AM etc. However, it does have the small motorbike / moped p class, which wikipedia describes as     Motorcycles - Engine capacity must not exceed 50 cc and the maximum design speed must not exceed 50 km/h (31 mph).   When on holiday elsewhere in Europe, does this allow me to rent and ride very small mopeds? Or is the p category entitlement valid only in the UK? 
44802	Best place to buy Swiss Francs using US dollar	I will be going to Switzerland soon, and will need Swiss Francs before I leave.  Where can I bet the best rate to buy Swiss Francs?  I live in SF Bay Area. 
44791	Is multiple entry for UK general tourist visa possible?	I am a Filipina. I booked a tour package with Expat Explore for 10 days tour in Europe. But the start and end point of the tour will be in Greenwich. Basically, I will enter London on June 1, then leave with the tour group to Paris on June 2. Then return to Greenwich on June 11 after the tour.My flight back home will be on June 12. So that means I will enter twice in London.  I want to know if UK Visa is good for multiple entry or single entry only?  
44808	Is Canadian Visa required if just in Toronto changing flights?	I am flying from Pakistan to the US, and will be changing flights in Toronto.  I will not be leaving the airport and my ground time in Canada is less then 5 hours.  I have a visit visa for the US.  Do I need a transit visa or some kind of visa for Canada? 
44824	Avoid getting sick in India	I heard the horror stories about travelling in India, getting diarrhoea and sometimes even ending up with permanent health problems.   How bad is it really?  Can it be easily avoided with a bit of caution or should I prepare for it to happen anyway? What can I do to minimize the risk while keeping a reasonable budget?  I can't go to high-end hotels and high-end restaurants, nor willing to go to "Western" restaurants all the time.  There's the obvious, such as: hand sanitizer, wash hands, wash fruit, drink only bottled water.  What else is there that might not be obvious or might be specific to India?  Does avoiding meat help?   In your answers please consider that I know very little about India.  I don't have a travel plan yet, in fact haven't even decided to go yet.  So another question is, how do different areas compare in this regard?  I think I'm most interested in the north-east. 
44824	Avoid getting sick in India	I heard the horror stories about travelling in India, getting diarrhoea and sometimes even ending up with permanent health problems.   How bad is it really?  Can it be easily avoided with a bit of caution or should I prepare for it to happen anyway? What can I do to minimize the risk while keeping a reasonable budget?  I can't go to high-end hotels and high-end restaurants, nor willing to go to "Western" restaurants all the time.  There's the obvious, such as: hand sanitizer, wash hands, wash fruit, drink only bottled water.  What else is there that might not be obvious or might be specific to India?  Does avoiding meat help?   In your answers please consider that I know very little about India.  I don't have a travel plan yet, in fact haven't even decided to go yet.  So another question is, how do different areas compare in this regard?  I think I'm most interested in the north-east. 
44824	Avoid getting sick in India	I heard the horror stories about travelling in India, getting diarrhoea and sometimes even ending up with permanent health problems.   How bad is it really?  Can it be easily avoided with a bit of caution or should I prepare for it to happen anyway? What can I do to minimize the risk while keeping a reasonable budget?  I can't go to high-end hotels and high-end restaurants, nor willing to go to "Western" restaurants all the time.  There's the obvious, such as: hand sanitizer, wash hands, wash fruit, drink only bottled water.  What else is there that might not be obvious or might be specific to India?  Does avoiding meat help?   In your answers please consider that I know very little about India.  I don't have a travel plan yet, in fact haven't even decided to go yet.  So another question is, how do different areas compare in this regard?  I think I'm most interested in the north-east. 
44842	Crossing roads in Berlin	I am on holiday in Berlin and I have noticed that no pedestrians cross the road until the green man is on, I was wondering if there is some sort of jaywalking rule, also some of the vehicles go through a pedestrian crossing even when a green man is showing.  
44693	Bicycle rental in Netherlands with drop-off in another city	I'm planning a Bicycle trip in Netherlands for this April. I'm searching for bike rentals. I saw a lot of information on renting bikes, but I have two specific questions.   It is easy to find a bike to travel medium distances (Like 50 ~ 70 Km)?  Is is possible to rent a bike in Amsterdam and return it on other city (I would like to go to Rotterdam and from there get my plane back to France)?  PS: It is very strange to me that information like this one is not very often found in english. I wouldn't expect that from a country that has "ciclying everywhere" as a tourism appeal.  EDIT  It seems like the best solution after all is to buy a second hand bike (the very same tip came from a dutch friend)  
44802	Best place to buy Swiss Francs using US dollar	I will be going to Switzerland soon, and will need Swiss Francs before I leave.  Where can I bet the best rate to buy Swiss Francs?  I live in SF Bay Area. 
44858	Can I carry sand to UK in luggage bag?	I'm making a trip to UK and I would like to take sand from India with me as a keepsake or memento.So I was wondering if it's even worth bothering trying to bring sand aboard the plane in my carry-on? 
44887	Can I live on an unoccupied island?	Suppose that I am going to unoccupied island in Oceania, the Carribean, or somewhere else.  Suppose I find an island where nobody is there, and nobody knows about it. If I invade it like a pirate (maybe alone or with friends)— and of course I am a rich guy, and have money to build a house, or buy some big ship, and have money to buy food and other goods from other inhabited islands to survive there— and suppose that I have a passport of another country, would that be considered unlawful? What punishment would I get? 
44887	Can I live on an unoccupied island?	Suppose that I am going to unoccupied island in Oceania, the Carribean, or somewhere else.  Suppose I find an island where nobody is there, and nobody knows about it. If I invade it like a pirate (maybe alone or with friends)— and of course I am a rich guy, and have money to build a house, or buy some big ship, and have money to buy food and other goods from other inhabited islands to survive there— and suppose that I have a passport of another country, would that be considered unlawful? What punishment would I get? 
44900	Ireland castle hotel options	We are going to Ireland for 2 weeks in early June for our honeymoon and would like to spend at least one night in a castle. So far in planning our itinerary we had decided to stay for about 3 nights in four places. The first will be Dublin since we're flying in there. After that, we haven't decided. I looked into Dromoland castle, but it's very expensive to stay 3 nights and it looks as if they might be booked for our dates anyway.   What are some other great castle hotels we could stay at in the southern half of the Republic of Ireland? 
44895	Baggage through Check-in and transit visa requirements	I'm Ayush Gogia from India. I am travelling from New Delhi to Calgary. I have 2 stopovers at Dubai and London Heathrow. I have booked my journey on a single ticket but multiple airlines. New Delhi to Dubai -  India Dubai to London - Emirates London to Calgary - Air Canada  I am confused regarding the fact that whether my baggage will be checked-in through to my final destination or would I have to recheck-in during the stopver.  Also if I recheck-in my baggage in Dubai or London would I require a transit visa in that case? I have a valid Visa for Canada.  I am travelling solo and for the first time so I'm a bit nervous. Would appreciate your help.  Thank you in advance.  
44913	Can I create my own island nation?	(Inspired by can I live on an unoccupied island)  In the question that made me think of this, the person asked about inhabiting an island that is part of a country.  This made me wonder - what if you made your own island somehow?    Putting aside the fact that it's rather difficult to do (perhaps I can somehow technologically influence the tectonic plates to shift, crack, etc, and have a volcano come up out of ocean floor), and the fact that a powerful nation could theoretically just say 'no, I want it, and I'm backing it up with this gun,' if I somehow made an island in the middle of the ocean, in international waters, could I claim it as its own nation?  Is there any precedent for how this would be handled far away from any nation and its own territorial waters? 
44917	Airport Transit visa in France	I'm a US citizen traveling to Turkey via Paris cdg airport. Do I need a transit visa for a 7 hr layover? 
44925	Is a tour of a US Embassy possible?	Just as seeing the inside of tech companies would be interesting, I think it could be interesting to see the inside of embassies too. Let's say I was going to be in London for a week and wanted to see the inside of the US embassy in London.  Looking at the list of services US embassies offer, I guess I could do something like...  print out the form to re-issue US savings bonds and try to have them notarize it, but if I didn't actually have US savings bonds that needed to be re-issued it seems like that would be a bit scammish. It also seems like the US embassy might wonder why I couldn't just wait a week and do it when I got back to the states. 
44936	Canada to Mexico via USA: Do I need and ESTA or visa?	I have UK Passport and am Canadian Citizen. Flying to Mexico via Dallas. Do I need an ESTA or Visa? 
44940	Travel from UK to Canada to USA to Mexico	British citizen, visiting Canada, going to Mexico via USA. Do I need Visa or ESTA 
44940	Travel from UK to Canada to USA to Mexico	British citizen, visiting Canada, going to Mexico via USA. Do I need Visa or ESTA 
44935	What do I need to know about traveling to Dubai during Ramadan?	I bought tickets to Dubai for the summer for a small vacation (first week of July). Unfortunately, I did not realize it was during Ramadan. I have been told by a few acquaintances that the laws in Dubai are especially strict during Ramadan and you can even receive citations for drinking water (given that it's almost the hottest month of the year, this seems miserable). Additionally, I have heard that many places are closed (such as bars/clubs) and there is far less to do in the city.   I will be traveling with my girlfriend. We were told by one of her friends in Dubai that she does not feel comfortable letting us stay with her because we are unmarried and she could be fined or get into legal trouble if she housed us.  I am not Muslim and do not follow any Muslim traditions/customs. Are any of these things true and would they apply to me as a foreigner? Is there any other useful information an ignorant American like me should know about the city during Ramadan with regards to the customs during that time? I would like to be as respectful as possible but I'd still like to have a good time in the city (or even neighboring cities). 
42209	London and Paris Spring Vacation, end of May - Impact from School Holidays and Whitsunday?	I am looking to plan a vacation going to London and Paris near the end of May so I can take advantage of the US Memorial Day Holiday which I get off from work to get more days out of my vacation.  I noticed that in the UK that the last week in May 2015 will be a UK School Holiday, with Monday the 25th a UK Bank Holiday. Sunday and Monday in Paris will be Whit Sunday and Whit Monday holidays. It looks like in the UK the Whit holidays do not have a major impact, but in France they might.  How much of an impact should these holidays have on my vacation planning? Does the UK break mean worse crowds or closures in London attractions or do a lot of people go to France? As a tourist who will not be celebrating the Whit holidays in France, will I find too many things shut down and be wasting days? I have some flexibility for about a 2 week trip and would like to utilize my American day off, spending 5-6 days in London and the rest in Paris. Am I better off trying to find a better time versus saving the "free" day off from work?   Would appreciate a local view on how these Holidays impact how the locals act and how it will impact tourists. 
44965	Malaria pills needed for jungle trip in Chiang Mai?	I'm from Belgium and I'll be visiting China (Beijing &amp; Zhangjiajie) and Thailand (Chiang Mai, Bangkok &amp; Ko Samui) in July. I've googled something on a website my doctor gave me a year ago where I can look up which vaccinations you need for certain areas.   When it comes a 3-day jungle trip in Chiang Mai, the website is very vague. I'm planning to do such a trip, but the websites says something vaguely about malaria there. Do you know for certain if I should or should not take any malaria pills when I'm there?  
44974	How to tell how bad touts are for a given country?	When I was in India last year I was surprised at the persistence of "touts" (any person who solicits business or employment in a persistent and annoying manner).  It has been suggested to me that touts are present in Mexico and Egypt, as well, altho I've never been to either myself.  Anyway, is there a good rule of thumb I could use for determining how bad touts are for any given country? Maybe the higher the Gini coefficient the worse the touting problem is going to be? Altho I note that according to wikipedia the Gini coefficient for the US is higher than it is for India.. 
44967	Does my wife need a visa for Dubai for a stop of 1.5 hours?	My wife has a Thai passport and we are planning to fly to Madrid. The flight will stop at Dubai for 1.5 hours.    Does she need to have any type of visa? 
44975	Can I create a travel money card as tourist?	I'm going to Europe and I need some some money on a International Debit Card, but here in Brazil there's a fee of 6.38% to put money on these cards, and it's quite expensive. So I was thinking to create the card and top-up at destination. I'll arrive in Amsterdam and will travel for a lot of countries like France (Paris) and Ireland (Dublin).  My questions are:   Can (and where) I create a travel money card as a tourist for multi-currencies?  How much it will cost regarding fees? It will be possible to convert from Brazilian Real to Euro?  
44993	Am I allowed stopover in Zurich airport without transit visa?	I am a pakistani national, travelling to China from London. I have valid UK student visa (expires in 2.5 years). The flight will stopover in zurich. I have an opportunity to book a flight with a 16 hour stopover and 2 hour stopover in Zurich. I have two questions.   Do I need a transit visa to transit through Zurich airport, if I stay within the airport. Ideally, I would have wanted to book the the flight with 16 hour stay, if there was a possibility of leaving the airport for some sightseeing. Would I be allowed to leave airport?    Secondly, if not, how big a hassle would it be for me to accquire a visa to leave airport for the day, in terms of cost, paperwork, and time requirements. Need to leave in about 3 weeks. So need to make a decision soon. Hope someone can help me?  
44990	Are there public bath etiquette to be aware of in Japan for foreign women?	I'm in Japan now and it is simply awesome. I'm thinking of visiting a public bath. Is it separate for the two genders? Can I go in with a swim suit (after my mandatory shower, of course) or do I have to be completely nude? Not that I'm uncomfortable but in a completely alien part of the world, I'm acutely aware of offending cultural sensibilities. Also being a south-Asian woman, upper body size is fairly different. 
44901	UK Entry Stamp - different from a visa?	I've seen similar questions like this on the site before, but was wondering if anyone was able to point me to an official site that says that, as an American citizen traveling to the UK, the stamp put on my passport at the airport is an entry stamp and does NOT count as a visa.  Or, alternatively, a site that says the opposite.  Or has any real information about this, to be honest, I'm getting a bit desperate!   I know as an American citizen I do not need a visa to get into the UK as a tourist, but I need to know if the entry stamp counts as a visa given at the airport.  Basically, if you enter the UK for a short-term visit (just to see the country), are you given a visa at the airport?  Any help would be greatly appreciated!  Thank you! 
45014	We want to travel from Greece to Paris with same Schengen visa	We just got our visa for Greece and we are thinking that if it is Schengen visa we should also travel to Paris. Will the same visa will work?  Will there be a problem using the same visa? We are hoping that we will not face any problems at the airport. We will enter and depart from Athens. 
45022	What is the best way to get from Sabiha Gokcen International Airport (SAW) to the Taksim Square by public transport?	I'm going to visit Istanbul in April, an I'm curious about the best way to get to the Taksim Square from Sabiha Gokcen International Airport (SAW) by public transport. 
45032	Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary	I am currently residing in Ireland with work authorization permit. In the next few months I am planning for a trip to few schengen countries. I have not yet decided my itinerary. Is there any Schengen country embassy which can process a tourist Schengen visa for 90 days? 
45032	Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary	I am currently residing in Ireland with work authorization permit. In the next few months I am planning for a trip to few schengen countries. I have not yet decided my itinerary. Is there any Schengen country embassy which can process a tourist Schengen visa for 90 days? 
45033	Is it cheaper to buy flights from abroad?	I want to buy flights from the UK to Europe in the peak of the Summer season. Naturally they are very expensive. But I got to wondering, is it ever cheaper to buy tickets online from another country (possibly in a different currency)?  The online flight sites often geolocate you but there are plenty of free VPNs. 
45033	Is it cheaper to buy flights from abroad?	I want to buy flights from the UK to Europe in the peak of the Summer season. Naturally they are very expensive. But I got to wondering, is it ever cheaper to buy tickets online from another country (possibly in a different currency)?  The online flight sites often geolocate you but there are plenty of free VPNs. 
45032	Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary	I am currently residing in Ireland with work authorization permit. In the next few months I am planning for a trip to few schengen countries. I have not yet decided my itinerary. Is there any Schengen country embassy which can process a tourist Schengen visa for 90 days? 
45032	Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary	I am currently residing in Ireland with work authorization permit. In the next few months I am planning for a trip to few schengen countries. I have not yet decided my itinerary. Is there any Schengen country embassy which can process a tourist Schengen visa for 90 days? 
45065	Boarding flight before 2 hours of visa date	I have got visa to travel to Germany from 31/05/2015 to 31/12/2015  I have booked flight which starts in on 30th night  9:55pm which will be 2 hours ahead of visa date  Kindly let me know if it is  ok or should I cancel and book for next day. 
45076	Can ESTA holder do some remote work from US for a UK company?	I'm an ESTA holder regularly travelling to the US to see my girlfriend. I am a UK resident, in full time employment for a UK company.  This summer, I want to go over to US for 2-3 months (up to 90 days as ESTA permits), but I'd like to carry on working for my UK company over the internet. I would get paid to my UK current account - same way as it currently is. My employer is fine with that. I would go back to the UK within 90 days - as per ESTA's terms.  Is this legal or can I get in trouble? I'm finding very contradicting answers all over the internet.  In case you wonder, I'm the software developer.  Thanks. 
45077	Number of hours before the departure, that is safe be at an airport for an international flight	Generally airlines suggest that you be at the airport around 3 hours from the time of departure. Flying from the US, I've often found this to be unnecessary and I generally end up waiting and getting bored at the airport.  I've also found airports outside the US, where they would not let you in before 2 hours from the actual departure time of an international flight. Often this happens to be a pain, waiting outside the airport.  Is there a reliable way to find out the right time to be at the airport depending on the country and the specific airport anywhere in the world? 
45032	Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary	I am currently residing in Ireland with work authorization permit. In the next few months I am planning for a trip to few schengen countries. I have not yet decided my itinerary. Is there any Schengen country embassy which can process a tourist Schengen visa for 90 days? 
45092	Where can I travel for prolonged periods of time while legally working remotely for a company in my home country?	I found several questions about inbound travelers to the US in this scenario, but little about other countries: I work for a company in my home country (USA) who are open to me working remotely while traveling.   Which countries allow me to legally work remotely for a company in my home country (USA) while traveling in their country? The work has absolutely no connection to the destination country, it would take place identically entirely within the USA if I weren't traveling. 
45076	Can ESTA holder do some remote work from US for a UK company?	I'm an ESTA holder regularly travelling to the US to see my girlfriend. I am a UK resident, in full time employment for a UK company.  This summer, I want to go over to US for 2-3 months (up to 90 days as ESTA permits), but I'd like to carry on working for my UK company over the internet. I would get paid to my UK current account - same way as it currently is. My employer is fine with that. I would go back to the UK within 90 days - as per ESTA's terms.  Is this legal or can I get in trouble? I'm finding very contradicting answers all over the internet.  In case you wonder, I'm the software developer.  Thanks. 
45113	Consequences regarding an application to schengen visa Who have an overstay in US	I am an Indian citizen and had an overstay in US. But now for the last three years I have resided back to my hometown . So I would like to know will there be any problem if I apply for a Schengen visa for a 20 days tourist visa. 
36424	Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension	I am travelling to India via Frankfurt. My current visa status is on H1B extension with approved I797. I checked the German consulate site on the transit visa requirements and it says transit visa is exempt 'If they return from the USA after having used the visa'  Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension? Has anyone faced similar situation? 
45135	I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa	I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa?  I can't remember if I had to get one on my past travels. Thanks! 
45135	I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa	I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa?  I can't remember if I had to get one on my past travels. Thanks! 
45154	I have an Italian EU passport that expires October 2017, and I am planning to move to Germany in May 2015, can I get an early renewal on my passport?	I am planning to move to Europe before the end of 2015 and wanted to know if it is possible for an early renewal of my passport. That way I don't have to stress about it for another ten years? 
45156	Can I leave South Africa after 90 day limit, and return after a few days with new 90 days?	How many times can an Australian leave and re-enter South Africa (90 days at a time without a visa) in a year, and do they need to be out of the country for a certain period of time before they re-enter?  I want to be in South Africa for as long as I can, however as an Australian without a visa I can only stay for 90 days at a time. What i would like to do is simply leave South Africa and go to another country in Africa for a few days, before returning with a new 90 day allowance. Is this possible, or must I wait a certain period before re-entering South Africa/is there a limit to the amount of times I can do this in one year?  Thank you!! 
45154	I have an Italian EU passport that expires October 2017, and I am planning to move to Germany in May 2015, can I get an early renewal on my passport?	I am planning to move to Europe before the end of 2015 and wanted to know if it is possible for an early renewal of my passport. That way I don't have to stress about it for another ten years? 
45162	is there any good source for the baggage (carry-on) requirements for airlines around the world?	I want to know more about the baggage requirements/limits of low cost airlines around the world. I'm particularly interested in South-Asian and Southeast-Asian airlines. Is there any place where this sort of information is gathered? The reason I'm interested is that I'd like to be able to travel to and then around in Asia with nothing but carry-on luggage, ideally I'd pack in a way that allows me to (1) carry as much as possible while (2) allowing me to remain able to fly with only carry-on luggage with a wide variety of carriers. 
45165	Will unbooked Premium Tatkal tickets confirm my General Waiting List ticket?	I have a W/L 3 ticket for the Coromandel Express for the day after tomorrow. The ticket is in A/C 3 tier class which also has 18 RAC passengers in this train. So to get a confirmed ticket, I need to have at least 21 cancellations in the next 48 hours. However, I've noticed that the Coromandel Express has 21 tickets under Premium Tatkal quota.    Everyday, although the Tatkal quota gets filled up, premium quota tickets are not booked because of the high prices. My question is, suppose say 10 Premium Tatkal quota tickets are not booked and the normal Tatkal W/L number stands at say 5. Will these 10 Premium Tatkal tickets be used to confirm the 5 normal Tatkal W/L passengers first (since Premium Tatkal may be looked upon as a subquota of Tatkal if you wish) or will these 10 seats actually upgrade the status of the general W/L (and hence RAC) tickets?   Please note that my question is about the allocation of unused Premium Tatkal tickets and is not a duplicate of Do empty tatkal quota tickets get allotted to wait-listed passengers?. 
45092	Where can I travel for prolonged periods of time while legally working remotely for a company in my home country?	I found several questions about inbound travelers to the US in this scenario, but little about other countries: I work for a company in my home country (USA) who are open to me working remotely while traveling.   Which countries allow me to legally work remotely for a company in my home country (USA) while traveling in their country? The work has absolutely no connection to the destination country, it would take place identically entirely within the USA if I weren't traveling. 
41924	India Tatkal tickets - tricks and tips	I'm planning a one month trip to India starting from next week, and unfortunately I forgot to book train tickets for a few train trips.   I have never bought Tatkal tickets (allowed to purchase 2 days before departure) before, but it seems it is the only possible way for me to get a ticket. Wait list is going above 120, so it's unlikely that I will get a confirmed ticket, so I'm trying to get a Tatkal ticket.    are there any tricks to get one quickly?  is it possible to book a Tatkal ticket earlier than 2 days?  are there any third parties selling Tatkal tickets outside the Station counter?  
45199	Visiting Singapore on multiple entry visa, but staying in Johor. How many times can I cross Johor to Singapore	Me &amp; my wife are visiting Singapore &amp; Malaysia for a 14 day trip. We have a 9 week multiple entry visa for Singapore and 1 year multiple entry visa for Malaysia. We am planning to stay at my friend's home in Johor. I would like to spend most of the trip in Singapore (since we did visit many places in Malaysia last year).  So, ideally, around 7 to 10 days we would like to be in Singapore. So, that means, upto 10 border crossings each way - morning from Johor to SG and night time back to Johor.  Is there a chance that we will be denied entry after x times? If yes, what is a safe number of crossings? This is purely tourist visit, so, I am hoping that this is perfectly legal and we can spend more time seeing Singapore without the hotel cost :). 
45235	Can I enter one country and leave from another one using a Schengen visa?	I am Indian citizen and a residing in Morocco with residence card.    I am planning to visit Belgium for five days and wish to fly out from Amsterdam  to return back to Morocco using the same visa.    Is this possible? 
45235	Can I enter one country and leave from another one using a Schengen visa?	I am Indian citizen and a residing in Morocco with residence card.    I am planning to visit Belgium for five days and wish to fly out from Amsterdam  to return back to Morocco using the same visa.    Is this possible? 
45241	Do I need to provide a transit visa in Moscow?	I am a US citizen traveling to Cyprus through Moscow on Aeroflot. I only have a 3 hour layover in the airport until my next Aeroflot flight to Cyprus leaves. Do I need to provide a transit visa in Moscow? 
45243	Can I transfer from Heathrow T3 to T5 without a visa? I am a Philippine Passport holder	I will arrive Heathrow T3 at 6:10pm. I will depart from Heathrow T5 the next day at 6:30am for Madrid. I plan on staying at one of the airport hotels (probably the Sofitel at T5 since it is directly connected to the terminal), as there is nowhere to sleep in at the airport terminal.   Will I need to go through Immigration and Passport Control to transfer terminals and stay in the airport hotel?  Will I need a transit visa?  
45262	What's the best way to buy Swedish Kronas from Brazil	I'm brazilian and I'll be living abroad at Sweden for two years, starting in August. I need to exchange a reasonable amount of Reais (R$, brazilian currency) to Swedish Kronas.  The options I see so far are:   Exchange R$ for swedish kronas at a currency exchange house and take the money with me (unsafe) Visa Travel Money: Exchange R$ for dollars and put them in a Visa Travel Money. When I arrive at sweden, I exchange them to Swedish Kronas   Are there any other options? What is the best (cost-efficient, safe) way of buying Swedish Kronas while still in Brazil? 
45272	Do I need a visa to transit in LHR?	Do I need a visa to transit in LHR? My flight path is as follows:  YVR - LHR - FCO   I have a Chinese passport, a Canadian residence permit and a Schengen visa. 
45296	Returning to Schengen Area Visa Questions	I have a question about the 90 Day Rule for going to the Schengen Area (I'm an American). Last June around the 20th I entered Germany as a tourist, and around the 30th of June I got an Au Pair visa that allowed me to stay for 6 months. I left Germany around the 10th of December. I am planning to go to Italy in the first week of June this year (just to travel), and am wondering about this whole 90 day within a 180 day period thing. It will not have been 180 days since I left Germany, but if I had a long term visa while I was there, rather than just a tourist visa, will I be allowed to enter and stay for a full 90 days? Does the 180 day period start from when I first entered Germany, thus I really only used 10 "tourist visa days" before leaving?  I realize this is a super specific question, so if anyone can even just point me in the right direction as to where to find more info on this that would be great! 
45296	Returning to Schengen Area Visa Questions	I have a question about the 90 Day Rule for going to the Schengen Area (I'm an American). Last June around the 20th I entered Germany as a tourist, and around the 30th of June I got an Au Pair visa that allowed me to stay for 6 months. I left Germany around the 10th of December. I am planning to go to Italy in the first week of June this year (just to travel), and am wondering about this whole 90 day within a 180 day period thing. It will not have been 180 days since I left Germany, but if I had a long term visa while I was there, rather than just a tourist visa, will I be allowed to enter and stay for a full 90 days? Does the 180 day period start from when I first entered Germany, thus I really only used 10 "tourist visa days" before leaving?  I realize this is a super specific question, so if anyone can even just point me in the right direction as to where to find more info on this that would be great! 
45327	Place with well-treated elephants in Ko Samui/Chiang Mai?	I'll be travelling around in Thailand in July and I actually want to do an elephant trek, but I've read a variety of blogs/articles/etc about the elephants being mistreated. Is this the case at every elephant park or not?   I'll be visiting Chiang Mai, Bangkok and Ko Samui. Is there any place/organization that you know of which treats the elephants well at one of these places?   I've also found an elephant nature park online where you can walk beside elephants and feed and bathe them, so they are treated right. Does anyone have experience with this Because it seems like a great alternative.   Is there a place and where or do you recommend the alternative above all others?  
45314	Is there a way to search for the cheapest flights regardless of date?	I find myself basing my trips on whenever there's a cheap flight, rather than setting a specific date to have a vacation.  However, it makes it hard for me to do this if I can't search for the cheapest flights regardless of date.  Is there a way to do this?    Edit :  I'm from Australia and Australia-specific or international suggestions will both work. However, for the sake of this question as a generic one, I would ask for you to leave any tools you know of regardless of origin, so it might help future viewers. 
45315	Can a minor travel to the UK with an adult but return alone?	I am 13 years old and have an accompanied visa with my aunt.  Can I enter the UK with my aunt and then return back to Pakistan alone (without her or with any other adult) if my aunts name is on MY visa? 
41730	Travelling to Iran as a German	I'm planning to visit Iran in a couple of months and therefore wonder, what the usual visa processing time is... As already mentioned, I'm German and when skimming through some stuff on the embassy website I couldn't find any helpful information... Thanks in advance! 
42298	I am travelling from India to Kosovo via Turkey - do I need a visa as an Indian citizen?	I am an Indian citizen planning for a 90 days Business Trip to Kosovo and I have invitation letters from an Office in Kosovo. Do I need to have a Visa to enter Kosovo for 90 days? I am getting confused as some agents told me to get a Serbian Visa as there is no Kosovo Embassy in India.  The flight is via Istanbul. Do I need a transit visa for Turkey?  
42298	I am travelling from India to Kosovo via Turkey - do I need a visa as an Indian citizen?	I am an Indian citizen planning for a 90 days Business Trip to Kosovo and I have invitation letters from an Office in Kosovo. Do I need to have a Visa to enter Kosovo for 90 days? I am getting confused as some agents told me to get a Serbian Visa as there is no Kosovo Embassy in India.  The flight is via Istanbul. Do I need a transit visa for Turkey?  
45390	Stopover in Heathrow, do I have to secure any kind of UK visa	I have a Philippine passport and a Schengen visa. My flight from Barcelona to Stuttgart will make a 10hr stopover at Heathrow. Do I have to apply for any kind of visa with UK? 
45392	If I get a visa for France, will my time in France still count towards the 90/180 day Schengen limit?	I am an Australian interested in travelling to Europe for over 6 months.  I am eligible to get a working holiday visa for France, which will allow me to stay and work in France for up to a year. However, in this time I would like to travel the rest of Europe too. As an Australian I can spend 90 days in every 180 days without a visa in the Schengen countries.  Will being in France with the visa count towards the 90 days?  Assuming it doesn't, how will the authorities know how long I've been in the Schengen countries apart from France? I'll be flying to and from France. 
45390	Stopover in Heathrow, do I have to secure any kind of UK visa	I have a Philippine passport and a Schengen visa. My flight from Barcelona to Stuttgart will make a 10hr stopover at Heathrow. Do I have to apply for any kind of visa with UK? 
45415	Returning to UK using C Business Visitor Visa	I have a C-business-visitor visa to the UK (multiple entry visa), that I used to represent my NGO in a conference on November. My visa is still valid. Can I use it again to enter to the UK  to present again my NGO and plan for a training in citizen journalism for young girls in London?  I have a stamp on my visa of the date I entered the UK in.  If yes, what do I have to provide at the airport? 
45415	Returning to UK using C Business Visitor Visa	I have a C-business-visitor visa to the UK (multiple entry visa), that I used to represent my NGO in a conference on November. My visa is still valid. Can I use it again to enter to the UK  to present again my NGO and plan for a training in citizen journalism for young girls in London?  I have a stamp on my visa of the date I entered the UK in.  If yes, what do I have to provide at the airport? 
45425	New Zealander travelling to Canada— return ticket requirements?	I'm a New Zealander and I was wondering if I needed an onward or return ticket to go to Canada?   I have purchased a one-way ticket to Vancouver, but I just wanted to make sure I don't need a ticket out of Canada for immigration. 
45444	Business academic visitor visa possible refusal for separated marital status	I am a doctor (neuroanaesthesiologist) working in reputed institute in Delhi and want to attend a conference in UK. I'm married, but have applied for divorce; however this is in the initial stages only. What should I write in marital status? Can I write separated even though I have no legal document to show I am indeed separated. Also I dont want to bring up the fact that a civil case is on, even though it has been filed by me.  Do you think my business academic visitors visa for attending conference in UK will be rejected on this basis? I have the requisite permissions and funding too. 
45448	How do I book without forced penalty?	I have a question about flying US Air internationally.  I am planning a trip with a return in June 2016.  The airline is not scheduling that far in advance and doesn't offer one way tickets.  This forces me to pay a $300 penalty to change my return flight.  Is there any other alternative? 
45458	Want to take my family while I'm on business visa UK	Hi I am a resident of India and have a UK Business visa ( 6 months, multiple entry) .. I am going for a 4 week on business trip and this will be my 2nd trip and now I want to take my wife and my child who is 9 months old along with me and at the end of trip.. I want to extend my trip for 3 days and we want to spend some time on leisure.  What visa I should apply for my family? Is it ok to say they will be staying with me while I am on business visa?  While filling my business visa form, there was a field asking if anyone else is going with me. I selected no, as there were no plans.  Appreciate your help in this regard.  Thanks in advance. 
45459	Misspelled middle name in passport	My middle name on my passport is missing one letter, so different from my ticket.  Will this be an issue? Doroty vs Dorothy 
45459	Misspelled middle name in passport	My middle name on my passport is missing one letter, so different from my ticket.  Will this be an issue? Doroty vs Dorothy 
45493	Driving time around Iceland	Hi I am going to Iceland the second week of May and was thinking of driving. I would like to have my route down but haven't been able to find anything that gives exact driving directions And duration of time it takes to get to each location. I would like to do the golden circle and the Jokulsarlon glacial lagoon and all the hot spots along the way. Any suggestions. I only have from may 9-12. 
45493	Driving time around Iceland	Hi I am going to Iceland the second week of May and was thinking of driving. I would like to have my route down but haven't been able to find anything that gives exact driving directions And duration of time it takes to get to each location. I would like to do the golden circle and the Jokulsarlon glacial lagoon and all the hot spots along the way. Any suggestions. I only have from may 9-12. 
45493	Driving time around Iceland	Hi I am going to Iceland the second week of May and was thinking of driving. I would like to have my route down but haven't been able to find anything that gives exact driving directions And duration of time it takes to get to each location. I would like to do the golden circle and the Jokulsarlon glacial lagoon and all the hot spots along the way. Any suggestions. I only have from may 9-12. 
45068	How can I find a professional business trip guide in China?	I will travel to China to meet some suppliers in late April. It's my first time to visit there. I am thinking to hire someone in local who speaks good English as my personal tour guide and interpreter for this trip. Does anyone know how to find one?   
45560	Schengen visa 90/180 rule question	I am a student and I have to go to Italy for a conference in mid-May for a week. Then I have to go to Germany for another conference in late September for a week. A Schengen visa is valid for 90 days only, so how will I manage going to Germany if I use my visa in May for Italy? 
45569	How much cash to carry for a conference in the Netherlands?	My husband won an academic contest and the prize was a trip to the Netherlands for a global conference on his specialty.   He's responsible for paying for food and transportation, but the lodging and flights are being booked through the college.  His options for spending money are:   get cash here in the states (international exchange rate (commercial bank) + 8%) use his American credit card (Visa) (international exchange rates (credit union) + 1%) use an ATM while he's there (haven't found fee information yet)   How can we decide how much cash  he should carry? What types of things is he likely to need cash for?  As a note since some answers are concerned with magnetic stripe versus chip and pin: Our credit union is in the process of switching to chip and pin. He was able to call and get a new version of his card so it should be here before he leaves. 
45574	Do I need a transit visa for Paris, France as an Indian citizen?	I am an Indian Citizen. Do I need a transit visa in Paris. If I am travelling by Air France, from Mumbai To Paris &amp; connecting flight is Paris to Libreville (Gabon-Africa). I am having a Mission visa for Gabon.  
45564	Where might I observe refugees escaping across the North Korea-China or North Korea Russia border illegally?	I will try to visit northern China and/or eastern Russia on this trip.  I've visited South Korea many times and I'm really interested in the plight of North Koreans trying to flee from the repressive regime in the their country.  Which spots on the border are known for escapes? I know I've seen documentaries and news stories on it but don't know if they said where.  Actually even if I don't see anybody going for it it would still feel amazing to be at a place where I know people do often attempt this amazing personal challenge to find their freedom.  Is there somewhere near Weihai perhaps? 
45575	Had to buy return tickets at the time of travel into Poland	I am Indian and have a work visa from Poland. My family was issued Schengen visas. The company I was joining had only booked one way tickets. My new company was planning to request a residence card for my family in Poland. So the Schengen visa for my family was only needed in order for them to enter Poland. After I am issued a residence card, they will be allowed to live with me even after their Schengen visa expires.   At the time of departure from India, Austrain airlines people asked for return tickets for my family. Because they didn't have any, the airline was not going to allow my family to fly. I had to book return tickets for my family in few minutes and due to the time constraint, I booked non-refundable tickets. We do not have any plan to return to India. Finally, my company is not willing to reimburse the return ticket cost.  Was it legal for Austrain airlines to not allow us to fly? Will it be possible for me to get a refund the return tickets? 
45575	Had to buy return tickets at the time of travel into Poland	I am Indian and have a work visa from Poland. My family was issued Schengen visas. The company I was joining had only booked one way tickets. My new company was planning to request a residence card for my family in Poland. So the Schengen visa for my family was only needed in order for them to enter Poland. After I am issued a residence card, they will be allowed to live with me even after their Schengen visa expires.   At the time of departure from India, Austrain airlines people asked for return tickets for my family. Because they didn't have any, the airline was not going to allow my family to fly. I had to book return tickets for my family in few minutes and due to the time constraint, I booked non-refundable tickets. We do not have any plan to return to India. Finally, my company is not willing to reimburse the return ticket cost.  Was it legal for Austrain airlines to not allow us to fly? Will it be possible for me to get a refund the return tickets? 
45594	ID for TSA regarding name on boarding pass	What if my first name doesn't exactly match my ID? 
45602	Can one travel with xerox copy of photo iD	My mother in law forgot her original PAN Card. She has a photocopy of the same. Can she fly in domestic airline with this Photocopy of PAN Card? She has her flight tomorrow i.e. on 5 April from Ahmedabad to Pune. She is from Jalgaon. 
36424	Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension	I am travelling to India via Frankfurt. My current visa status is on H1B extension with approved I797. I checked the German consulate site on the transit visa requirements and it says transit visa is exempt 'If they return from the USA after having used the visa'  Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension? Has anyone faced similar situation? 
36424	Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension	I am travelling to India via Frankfurt. My current visa status is on H1B extension with approved I797. I checked the German consulate site on the transit visa requirements and it says transit visa is exempt 'If they return from the USA after having used the visa'  Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension? Has anyone faced similar situation? 
38018	Applying for a B2 visa after previous overstay as a child?	Background:  So I was brought into the US under the visa waiver program as an 11 year old child in January 2000. I voluntarily left the country on Sept. 2009 when I was  20 years, 9 months, and 3 days old.  I visited America twice since I left in 2009 under the ESTA VWP -  Once in June 2012 and another time in July 2014 via the Visa Waiver (ESTA) program with no problem. On Oct 2nd 2014 I came to visit my brother for his birthday and I was refused entry because of my previous overstay as a CHILD but given Parole to Depart for the duration of my holiday (so I still got to go on vacation.)  The guy told me that I could apply for a B2 visa when I get back to London but I would have to also apply to get my overstay waived. He said I would need to get my overstay waived at the same time as I apply for my visa. My older brother who is a US citizen (by birth) has put a petition for me to become a citizen a few years ago.  My Question:  I've filled in the B2 Visa application. I've disclosed the details above as it would definitely come up in the interview. My question is - is there a specific application that I would fill out to ask to get my overstay waived? Or is that something that is at the discretion of whoever I am talking to?  I'm asking this before I book my interview - thanks a lot. 
45638	Are there accommodation embargoes for booking in Iran?	I've had trouble in the past looking for flights to Cuba since the US seems to restrict sales of flights there.  I'm likely going to Iran later this year, but while flights seem readily accessible, my usual booking sites for accommodation (booking.com, hostelbookers, hostelworld) all don't even have an option for Iran, and refuse to accept Tehran in their search.  Is there an embargo for this or am I just missing something?   
45638	Are there accommodation embargoes for booking in Iran?	I've had trouble in the past looking for flights to Cuba since the US seems to restrict sales of flights there.  I'm likely going to Iran later this year, but while flights seem readily accessible, my usual booking sites for accommodation (booking.com, hostelbookers, hostelworld) all don't even have an option for Iran, and refuse to accept Tehran in their search.  Is there an embargo for this or am I just missing something?   
38801	Re-entering Israel as a tourist after student visa expires?	My husband and I are British nationals living in Israel with student and spouse visas. Our visas expire on 3rd December 2014, and we have been unable to get an appointment to renew them before January 2015.  We want to go home (UK) for Christmas, and return to Israel in January, after which our resident visas will have expired.  The question is: are we likely to be able to re-enter Israel on the normal 90 day tourist visa exemption, and then renew our other visas or is that going to cause problems with us coming back into Israel? 
45669	Schengen Visa: Itinerary change after visa issued	I am an Indian passport holder got my schengen Business visa approved from Belgian consulate. At the time of applying visa, i have produced my travel itenary as, Norway (1N) -- Belgium (14N)   now due to some reason I have to reschedule it and will be like: Norway: 1N Finland: 2N Sweden: 4N Belgium: 8N  Can somebody guide me if this is OK? or do i have to follow some procedure? 
45669	Schengen Visa: Itinerary change after visa issued	I am an Indian passport holder got my schengen Business visa approved from Belgian consulate. At the time of applying visa, i have produced my travel itenary as, Norway (1N) -- Belgium (14N)   now due to some reason I have to reschedule it and will be like: Norway: 1N Finland: 2N Sweden: 4N Belgium: 8N  Can somebody guide me if this is OK? or do i have to follow some procedure? 
45667	What does the flight jargon "fare class" actually mean? Is it the same as either "fare basis (code)" or "travel class"?	I just added a tag for fare-class since I saw a question about them and thought it's a frequent enough topic in air travel even though I didn't know exactly what it was.  I guess it's something more technical used by airlines but only pretty savvy fliers really know properly.  I tried to look it up on Wikipedia but there's no article on it though it is used in other articles. Google instead offered me two Wikipedia articles, Fare basis code and Travel class one of which is probably another word for the same thing, but I'm still not sure, so why not ask a bunch of experts like all of you?  My guess is it's the former and that non savvy fliers would kind of assume that it's the latter but is actually more technical? 
45652	Traveling with a lot of luggage at Heathrow - getting help?	I will arrive with 5 suitcases at Heathrow airport, I am alone, how do I get help to transport it all through customs? 
45674	I have a multiple-entry Schengen visa issued by Switzerland, can I come back home and then go to France?	I have a multiple entry schengen Business visa issued by Switzerland which will expire in July. Can i Travel to Switzerland next week for work and then travel again to France for work at the beginning of July for a week? Or do I have to apply for another visa at the French Consulate. 
45685	How to change flight dates without paying a high price?	Recently I had to cancel a flight and rebook because changing the date would have cost more than getting a new flight, so is there any way/trick to change flight dates with low fees ? 
45689	What is the cheapest and fastest way of traveling between Liege and Paris with deterministic travelling times?	I am planning to travel from Liege to Paris. The Thalys (train) has this route direct but although they announce very good prices, if bought in advance, I can never find them on the Thalys website.  Traveling by bus just takes too long. I am not even sure there is a direct connection. At least I couldn't seem to find one.  Using a bus would probably require traveling first to Brussels probably.  Are there any other ways of combining trains to arrive in Paris, as a compromise between the expensive Thalys and the snail bus?  Any other alternatives that might sound interesting are welcome (Eg: how to get the cheapest fare in Thalys or a direct bus connection from Liege). 
45650	Is there an app for Android to look for flights with a "go anywhere" option search?	I thought if you wanted to search for fare prices from one city for a specific date to anywhere under a specific price Momondo, Google Flights or Skyscanner are the stuff to use but they don't work on my Android phone. Are there any apps to have this search option for Android? 
45710	I'm a Malaysian, lost passport in Italy and want to continue my trip on an emergency travel doc	I'm currently on a 4 weeks trip with my parents. I have all flight, accommodation and transport booked up for our trip in Germany, Italy, Austria and Switzerland.  We have just started our trip and I got pickpocketed and lost my passport.  Anyone know if it is possible to continue doing the trip with an emergency travel document?  According to the Malaysian government website the emergency travel document is not recognized in Germany, Italy and Switzerland. It's my parents first trip in Europe and they really need me with them. Please help with any info. Thank you  
45707	Wild Camping in Poland	Any suggestions for wild camping in Poland?   Nice views (Prefer mountains, not hills) Would love to have a river close by Ability to have camp fire - MUST HAVE. Not too many people around   Any suggestion in welcomed. 
45658	Extending visitor stay in the US	I have been in the US for 2 months and 20 days. I have 10 days left on my ESTA.  I would like to extend my stay for non-medical reasons. Is there any way to do this? Can I apply for a brand new ESTA while still in my previous ESTA?  Otherwise, can I exit the country to Canada and come back 1 or 2 days later with a new ESTA? Note: I am not a Canadian citizen. 
45734	single entry schengen visa and different first entry	We are a group of 11 persons we applied for schengen visa fromthe spanish consulate  to visit spain then Lithuanian and wrote in the application that our satets of destinations are spain and Lithuania.  we supposed to have event in spain then the event of Lithuanian, 2 days ago the event of spain posponed to be after the event of Lithunaian so we puchsed the ticket to first go to Lithuanian and make our first entry then to Spain, we will spend 4 nights in Lithuania then 5 nights in Spain we applied wuth our invitation from Lithuania also for its event and put the invitations of both countries in our documents when applied for the visa  it's ok to make the first entry in Lithuanian while the visa issued from Spain? or it will be a problem with the passporrts control guard? waiting for your feedback ASAP Many Thanks 
45745	Philippine passport w/ U.S. Permanent Resident Card (GreenCard) - need Visa to travel to Canada?	Thinking of going on cruise with stops in Canada. I have Philippine passport w/ U.S. Permanent Resident Card (GreenCard). Do i need to get a canadian Visa?  Info on Canada website is a little confusing. 
45580	How to decline CDW and LDW when booking a car online?	In a couple of months I will be traveling to Portugal, and I need to rent a car. Since I have a MasterCard Platinum, I can get coverage and save some money by declining CDW and LDW.  From MasterCard's Guide to Benefits:     To Get Coverage:         Initiate the transaction under your name and pay for the entire Rental Company’s security deposit using your card and sign the Rental   Agreement;   Authorized Drivers whose name(s) appear as a driver on the Rental Agreement will also be covered;   Pay for the entire rental transaction (tax, gasoline, and airport fees are not considered rental charges) with your card and/or points   earned by a Rewards Program associated with your card prior to picking   up or immediately upon the return of the Rental Car; and   You must Decline any/all partial or full collision damage insurance or similar collision damage and loss damage waiver (CDW/LDW)   offered by the Rental Company.      So I went to search the companies I could book a car from, and, so far, Europcar is the cheapest one I found. However I couldn't find a way to decline those insurance fees.  For instance, these are the options on Europcar:    As you can see, the first "tier", Basic (that looks pretty much CDW+LDW, although not named that way), is already included and cannot be declined. I would like to know if I there is way I can decline while booking online, or whether it would be better if I rent the car in the airport/company's counter instead of pre-booking it online. 
45463	Finding Flights to One of Many Cities	Currently planning a trip to see multiple cities in relatively close proximity. I expect to be travelling by land between them, so it does not matter so much which city I travel to and back from. It could be the same or a different one. The main concern is to find a good price.  What can I use to search for flights from a specific departure location to a set of cities simultaneously? I have been trying out combinations of cities, including various open jaw permutations, and dates and it is getting tedious. 
45752	Change in itinerary after getting a Schengen visa: Addition of a country	Original itinerary Fr 13nights  would it be okay to change itinerary to:  Change to FR 6nights- IT 7nights - FR 1night  Already hold Schengen visa valid for 15 days.  Will I be in breach? 
45752	Change in itinerary after getting a Schengen visa: Addition of a country	Original itinerary Fr 13nights  would it be okay to change itinerary to:  Change to FR 6nights- IT 7nights - FR 1night  Already hold Schengen visa valid for 15 days.  Will I be in breach? 
45749	change of itinerary	I already have Schengen Visa, however, we added another country which differs from when I applied for visa. Will I have a problem when I enter?  I will be spending more time in the country that issued the visa and I will be both arriving and leaving through the same country that issued the visa.   I actually received it for 15 days since my trip was tourism... is that normal? 
45759	Orlando ESTA Visa Waiver	I'm travelling to Orlando for 14 nights at the end of August, for a nice holiday break. I travelled to Orlando last year in June, for 2 weeks. My question involves whether my visa waiver is still valid?  If so, do I just print it off again and take it to the airport in August, My hotel details will be different than last time? Is that something to be worried about?  Thanks 
45762	Belgium visa but travelling to Italy	I have a multiple entry Belgium Schengen tourist visa for 30 days, however my travel plans have changed.. can I now goto Italy on the same visa or shall I apply for a fresh Schengen visa for Italy.. what are the pros and cons of travelling to Italy on a Belgium Schengen visa? Regards, Tushar 
26807	Possible to extend a Vietnamese tourist visa in Dong Hoi?	I have an Australian passport with a C1 tourist visa for Vietnam. Is it possible for me to get a standard 30 day (or longer) extension for my visa in Dong Hoi (the major town east of Phong Nha National Park)?  I would prefer answers from people who have actually done this, and as much information as possible including: where it was done, how much it cost, how long the visa extension was for, and how long it took. 
19559	Renewing or getting a new visa in Vietnam?	I'm an American who's been to Vietnam 3 times in the last year, my 1st visa was 1 month single entry, the 2nd visa was another 1 month single entry, and my 3rd visa was a 3 month multiple entry which I have gotten extended for another 3 months.  I got the extension for my current visa in Hue (where I'm currently living), it was done by someone in the government that a friend of mine knew, it came down to the last day left on my visa but thankfully everything worked out. I don't have that option again.  Now my visa is going to expire again in a few weeks and I was looking for help with how I can get another 3 month extension. A friend of mine said to go to Laos for a day and then come back, but when I flew into Vietnam for all my visits, I had to pre-arrange a 'visa on arrival' and show papers proving I had this arrangement before I could board an airplane.   I'm worried if I leave the country they won't let me back in, I teach English part time at a school that doesn't give work visas (so they can't help me) and I very much would like to keep teaching.  
45777	Single entry schengen visa for a cruise?	If I am taking a cruise starting from Rome and covering only Schengen countries. Is single entry Schengen visa adequate for the trip 
45777	Single entry schengen visa for a cruise?	If I am taking a cruise starting from Rome and covering only Schengen countries. Is single entry Schengen visa adequate for the trip 
45788	Is it possible to book return but travel oneway?	It seems like one-way tickets are always more expensive than buying round-trip. So I am planning to book a return ticket. For example I would like to go on the following itinerary this May. Myself &amp; my friend are planning to travel.  I have a valid visa for Malaysia and I am going to Vizag on May22nd using another itinerary and will return using below itinerary ( May 28th )   May 12th - Malaysia -- Vizag  ( wont do journey ) May 28th - Vizag    -- Malaysia ( will do journey)   My friend did not visit Malaysia yet, but if I booked below itinerary for him, could he do only the one way journey on May 28th ?   May 12th - Malaysia -- Vizag  ( wont do journey because never visited before ) May 28th - Vizag    -- Malaysia ( will do journey)  
45799	Connecting flight,stop over to Canada,do I need a USVisa?	Hi I'm a Filipino living here in Santiago chile,and I'm traveling to Canada,all the connecting flight is need to stop to USA,so my question,Do I need a USA visa in order for me to get a in,and stop over to USA before continuing my flight bound to canada? 
25610	How do I secure the cheapest fare on the Thalys?	I often see huge announcements for incredible fares for Thalys trips between Paris, Brussels, Cologne, and Amsterdam. Whenever I need to use the Thalys, I am never able to get these incredible fares. You always need to provide dates when you want to travel. Is it possible to search for dates when the cheapest fares apply? 
45798	Leave the US permanently 60 days then fly back to Mexico for a month before reenter US, is it possible?	My last visit to the US was on Dec 17-2014 until Mar 14-2015 under the ESTA/VWP. I flew home in the Netherland after that. I plan to fly to Mexico on 15 May and want to stay there for a month, then get back to the US by motorcycle on 15 June. Would it be alright with the 90 days rule ? 
45800	Changing plans after getting a Schengen visa	I am an Indian student in the UK. If I already had a single entry Schengen visa and I apply again to the French embassy, will I be issued with multiple-entry?  If I get the visa, but due to a problem, I cannot travel on the intended dates(ones I mentioned on visa form) and decide to travel a month later, will it cause a problem when I travel next. And if I dont exactly follow the itenary that I submitted with my visa application?  As far as dates are concerned. I mean this: Suppose my visa is valid for May-August. When I applied for this visa, my itenary and hotel bookings were for June. But now I decide to travel instead in July. Will there be a problem if I did not take the journey for which I initially applied the visa and take a different journey later instead 
45808	Can I buy (liquid) duty free at Dublin airport, before going through pre-clearance?	Following on from my earlier question on timings for US pre-clearance at Dublin airport, I've been watching the US pre-clearance at Dublin video from the Dublin airport website. That mentions that after checkin, passengers clear normal Irish security checks, then proceed (via optional shopping) to a TSA-style security check before reaching the CBP juxtaposed border control. It also mentions that duty free shopping is available after immigration and customs.  That leads me to wonder - can I buy duty free liquids in the main bit of Dublin Airport, before reaching the US pre-clearance area? Or must all duty free liquids (eg alcohol) be purchased in the smaller duty-free shop after US pre-clearance just before boarding? 
45800	Changing plans after getting a Schengen visa	I am an Indian student in the UK. If I already had a single entry Schengen visa and I apply again to the French embassy, will I be issued with multiple-entry?  If I get the visa, but due to a problem, I cannot travel on the intended dates(ones I mentioned on visa form) and decide to travel a month later, will it cause a problem when I travel next. And if I dont exactly follow the itenary that I submitted with my visa application?  As far as dates are concerned. I mean this: Suppose my visa is valid for May-August. When I applied for this visa, my itenary and hotel bookings were for June. But now I decide to travel instead in July. Will there be a problem if I did not take the journey for which I initially applied the visa and take a different journey later instead 
45713	Airway companies that overbook flights, and those that don't overbook	Is there a reliable list of airway companies that overbook flights? And, is there any shorter list of companies that do overbook, but when too many passengers show up, they deal fairly with it?  I had recently this problem with Iberia and was not amused. First the horrible surprise, then the horrible way they dealt with the case.  
45824	Is it possible for me to take a visa to Vienna and travel to Prague?	I am an Indian citizen residing in the UAE. I'm planning to travel to Prague. The problem is that the visa procedure for Prague is very expensive. Can I apply for a Schengen visa to Austria and then travel to Prague? Can my port of entry be Vienna and exit be Prague? 
45810	How much should I expect to pay to declare goods I'm carrying, during check-in	I learned that if I'm carrying valuable goods in my checked baggage I should declare it to the airline, but I will have to pay for it.  How much should I expect to pay?  I'm traveling international with Qantas and carrying many electronic devices (video game consoles, tablets, cellphones) inside one of my baggage. It shouldn't be worth more than USD 1500 but this is much more they would pay in case the baggage is lost. 
45839	Is an open-ended ticket more practical than a one-way ticket for touring China?	My partner and I are planning a long (2+ months) trip to China. The return date is unknown in advance. We may also want to visit other countries on our trip and ideally would prefer not to commit to returning directly from China.  We're considering whether to buy a 1-way plane ticket to Beijing (and buying the other way when we know from where and when) or an open-ended or cancel-able round-trip ticket.  Of these options - or others we haven't considered - which would be most practical in terms of:   Cost? Flexible tickets tend to be more expensive. Visa requirements? We may need to present evidence that we actually plan to leave China. Flexibility to change our plans. Are open tickets fixed to the departure airport? What about an open-jaw, open-date return flight?   This related question has general advice but I'm interested specifically in the visa requirements of China: What is the best method of purchasing a ticket with an open return date? If it matters, we're coming from Tel Aviv, Israel. 
45839	Is an open-ended ticket more practical than a one-way ticket for touring China?	My partner and I are planning a long (2+ months) trip to China. The return date is unknown in advance. We may also want to visit other countries on our trip and ideally would prefer not to commit to returning directly from China.  We're considering whether to buy a 1-way plane ticket to Beijing (and buying the other way when we know from where and when) or an open-ended or cancel-able round-trip ticket.  Of these options - or others we haven't considered - which would be most practical in terms of:   Cost? Flexible tickets tend to be more expensive. Visa requirements? We may need to present evidence that we actually plan to leave China. Flexibility to change our plans. Are open tickets fixed to the departure airport? What about an open-jaw, open-date return flight?   This related question has general advice but I'm interested specifically in the visa requirements of China: What is the best method of purchasing a ticket with an open return date? If it matters, we're coming from Tel Aviv, Israel. 
45759	Orlando ESTA Visa Waiver	I'm travelling to Orlando for 14 nights at the end of August, for a nice holiday break. I travelled to Orlando last year in June, for 2 weeks. My question involves whether my visa waiver is still valid?  If so, do I just print it off again and take it to the airport in August, My hotel details will be different than last time? Is that something to be worried about?  Thanks 
45767	Which airlines with routes connecting Vietnam and China have free cancellations and can be booked online?	Due to China's visa rules I need to have a return flight booked in order to obtain a visa. But once I have the visa I am free to enter overland and not use the flight.  On my previous trip I had a travel agent in Vientiane, Laos book such a flight and hotel, print out the details, then cancel them, for a reasonable $3.  This trip in Ho Chi Minh with a much larger tourist zone than Vientiane and many more travel agencies, I can't find one that understands my needs.  So I guess I have to book the flight myself. Having not done this before I'm a bit worried about running into trouble cancelling the flight and spending money for real.  Which airline will allow me to book a flight to China from Vietnam online, then cancel it, with a simple process that I won't mess up, without a fee? (Or a very low fee.) 
45864	Renting a car from Detroit to Tennessee or Florida	I'm in Michigan and I'd like to get to Tennessee or Florida. My idea is to go by car but when I see what the rentals cost (one way is immensely more expensive and I won't be going back north myself), It feels kind of pricey.  Is there a cheaper option? I've googled to see if I can find a web site with one way cars (someone who wants his delivered, for instance) but haven't been lucky with that.  Suggestions? 
45874	Crossing from to Canada to the USA w/o passport on public transit?	As we know, US citizens can cross into the USA w/o a passport if they can prove citizenship. I am just curious, what if you don't drive? Starting from Toronto, I can see trains both to Windsor and Niagara Falls. From Windsor, you can take the Tunnel Bus across (and curiously enough, it emphasizes only proof of citizenship is necessary). From Niagara Falls, you can walk across the Rainbow Bridge. Once across, you can get to DTW or from Niagara Falls, BUF or IAG.  From Vancouver, based on my own experience, Amtrak, Greyhound, BoltBus, QuickShuttle all wants to see a passport before letting you on. You can't get really close to either of the US border crossings with Translink (it's a mile from 8th Av) and if you do walk over, there isn't a lot of public transit from the other side to BLI or SEA either.  So, what solutions exist if you are in a situation Can I cross the USA-Canada border with a birth certificate and a passport locator number? like this and you don't drive and want to get from a Canadian airport to a USA airport? 
13867	Can I cross the USA-Canada border with a birth certificate and a passport locator number?	My US passport took too long to be shipped to me, and it will arrive after I need to leave. Will I be able to cross the border from the United States to Canada with a birth certificate (copy) and a passport locator number? 
45913	Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa?	Will there be a problem for me arriving in the US if I arrive from Pakistan rather then Thailand where I received my B1/B2 visa? 
45948	Can I book a tatkal ticket in Indian Railways online?	Can I book a tatkal ticket in Indian Railways online ?  Is yes when can it be booked?  Or is it that only premium tatkal tickets can be booked online?  Please help .Its urgent  
45953	Single Schengen Visa Entrance	I have a schengen visa for single entrance. My itinerary shows that My first entry country will be Italy.  At the same time, on my visa there is no country restriction written.   My plans have changed a little after issuing visa and I will travel to my destination through Barcelona with connection of 4 hrs. So technically it turns out that my first entry will be to Spain.   I would like to know if this will cause any issues? Is it ok or not? 
45958	Can 180 days Spanish student visa holder depart from another Schengen state?	I'm an Indian on a 180 days Spanish student visa. I would like to travel around EU. Is it possible for me to catch my return flight to India from an airport in a different Schengen state or do I strictly have to depart from Spain? 
45335	How to access Heathrow Terminal 3 duty free zone without a plane ticket?	I'm writing my master thesis on Travel Retail &amp; Duty Free with a specific focus on Heathrow's terminal 3 boutiques. In order to visit this terminal and take pictures for my research paper I already spent some money on a flight to Paris CDG- which unfortunately boards at terminal 4.  Is there any way I could access the Duty Free zone of Terminal 3 prior to boarding my flight at Terminal 4?   If not, how could I access the post-customs Duty Free zone of Terminal 3? Whom should I contact?   NB: it's solely for research purposes, not to go on a shopping spree. 
45982	Is there a standard for air temperature within an aircraft?	On my recent flight to Tokyo on UA I found the cabin immensely cold and not only did I ask for an extra blanket, I also asked if the temperature could be raised. The flight attendant did not refuse and actually said she would check - and probably did something - because I did feel better after a while (unless I just got used to the cooler temperature). However on my return flight it was just the opposite and the flight was extremely warm.  So I'm wondering, is there not an FAA standard for in-flight temperature (and probably pressure) or it is fairly arbitrary - within a range, of course? 
44467	Transit visa for India or NOT?	I will be travelling from Katmandu to Istanbul with a 5 hour stopover in Delhi is a transit visa required.I have British passport and will not be leaving international airport. 
46001	Mumbai airport customs	I am a US citizen and a PIO currently residing in India. I plan to travel to the US for a 2 moth summer internship. I plan to buy a Macbook and an iPad for myself over there. Would there be any problem bringing back these items to India with me? I plan to let my mom use the iPad while the Macbook stays with me. I might also be buying myself an iPhone as well (But will be discarding the old one in the US itself). 
46012	Transit visa through Gatwick	My wife is an Azeri national and we will arrive in Gatwick and have to claim baggage and change terminals. When I booked the flight turkish airlines flew to North terminal but have since changed to South. My connecting flight is with BA from North terminal.  I am a British citizen. We are due to transit Gatwick on Tuesday leaving no time for visa applications. I wasn't aware the Turkish had changed terminals until last Thursday when I flew back to Istanbul from Gatwick.  Is there any way that border control will let us through?  Our connecting flight is 3 hours after arrival at gatwick 
46026	Traveling to UK on visit visa as a Syrian citizen?	Hi i have a question regarding my trip to London, as i have a visit visa that will expire on September 5th. and am planning the trip on September 1st but would it be a problem to leave london few days after my visa expires ? btw i have a Syrian passport but i am a full time residence of Dubai. i have a multiple entree visit visa than expires on the 5th and am planning my trip from the 1st to the 10th. 
46029	Can you get a USA visa and enter the country if you already have an Iranian visa in your passport	I am a Serbian national, living in the Netherlands. I traveled to Iran for business once and thus have an Iranian visa in my passport. I will likely need to travel to USA for work as well. Will the Iranian visa/stamp be a problem? 
46035	Covering Letter for Europe stay	I am travelling to Europe for two months and I have a covering letter from my uncle from Czech Republic which states that he will bear all my expenses and accommodation during the two month stay. My itinerary includes my stay at my uncle's place to see him and also other few countries like Germany, Italy and Switzerland for leisure.  Now the question is: do I need to show my bank balance also for it and if yes how much should it be? And secondly, if I don't have sufficient bank balance, will I not be given Schengen visa although I have a strong covering letter?  I am an Indian Citizen, I will be applying the visa in Czech Embassy as my relatives belong there and also my no. of days are maximum in Czech only. 
46035	Covering Letter for Europe stay	I am travelling to Europe for two months and I have a covering letter from my uncle from Czech Republic which states that he will bear all my expenses and accommodation during the two month stay. My itinerary includes my stay at my uncle's place to see him and also other few countries like Germany, Italy and Switzerland for leisure.  Now the question is: do I need to show my bank balance also for it and if yes how much should it be? And secondly, if I don't have sufficient bank balance, will I not be given Schengen visa although I have a strong covering letter?  I am an Indian Citizen, I will be applying the visa in Czech Embassy as my relatives belong there and also my no. of days are maximum in Czech only. 
46052	Was it legal to restrict access to USA when holding a valid ESTA and visiting Canada for 6 months?	I try to find "legality" of following situation:  Mom (75, Slovak citizen) was traveling from Slovakia to Vancouver (Kosice-Vienna-Newark-Vancouver). The reason was to stay as visitor in Vancouver for 6 months with family, who are Canadian citizens. Flight back was not via USA (Vancouver-Toronto-Viena-Kosice).  She had fresh ESTA Travel Visa (to be able to get flight from Newark to Vancouver). Before boarding to flight from Vienna to Newark (on Vienna Airport) she was told that because her flight back is 6 months later her ESTA Visa will be expired by then and therefore she can not board the plane to Newark…  She had to stay (with my brother, her son - Canadian citizen) in Vienna, in Hotel, they both had to buy tickets to Toronto - to avoid USA.. and it cost a lot.  Is it possible to get any info which rules actually were used to restrict moms boarding to the flight?    Here is an answer from Austrian Airlines to my request to help me with issue:  Thank you for your correspondence. We were sorry to learn of the circumstances that prompted you to write and appreciate the opportunity to respond.   We regret to hear that your mother was not able to travel as planned on flight OS89 / 04 Apr 15 from Vienna to Newark onto Canada due to visa / ESTA issues.   Kindly be advised that Lufthansa/Austrian Airlines are not part of the immigration service of any country and, therefore, cannot be liable for any compliance thereof. Each country's government has its own regulations concerning visa and entry permits, and the airlines have no influence regarding the implementation. While an airline may complimentary advise a customer of such requirements, there is no legal obligation to do so. The Consulate or Embassy of each individual country included in an itinerary should be consulted prior to commencement of travel due to frequently changing regulations.  Lufthansa’s/Austrian Airline’s General Conditions of Carriage state that Lufthansa/Austrian Airlines may refuse carriage if the passenger does not have valid travel documents and that the passenger is solely responsible for obtaining all required travel documents and proper visas prior to travel and for complying with all laws, regulations and requirements of countries from which or to which the passenger wishes to travel or transit through. In addition, it also reads that Lufthansa/Austrian Airlines shall not be held responsible for the consequences or expenses that result from the failure to obtain such documents or incomplete documentation from the non-compliance with such laws, regulations and requirements.   Mr. (my name), we realize our response may not be the one anticipated and appreciate your understanding of our position.   Sincerely, (name)  Customer Feedback North America  Lufthansa German Airlines 
46060	Hotel voucher for applying for a Schengen Visa in NYC (email confirmations not acceptable)	I realised that this might have been asked before from this Visa for France - showing actual hotel booking?  I did that when I was in the UK as well. I showed them email confirmations from Booking.com and I got the visa. However, now I'm going to apply from NYC and when I look at the requirements I found this. It's from http://www.consulfrance-newyork.org/Short-stay-visa-for-tourism        PROOF OF ACCOMODATION (for the whole length of your stay) (+1 copy)    Confirmed and personal reservation from the hotel(s) in France and in the Schengen countries to be visited and which must be sent directly to you and not to the Consulate, confirming your reservations for each night you will spend in France and the Schengen States (we do not accept emails confirmations),   or    personal hotel vouchers confirming your booking for a tour with names and addresses of all hotels with the number of nights stay in each (+ 1 copy),   or if you are staying with family or friend(s) you must present a certificate of board and lodging "Attestation d’Accueil", which has to be obtained by your relatives or friends at the city hall ("Mairie"). The original needs to be stamped by this consulate to be valid and should be presented upon arrival in France.      However, I'm going to book Airbnb as it's a lot cheaper and it suits my needs. I just want to confirm with people who have applied for Schengen visa in the US and showed the email confirmation from either Booking.com or Airbnb and got the visa. 
46061	Do i need a transit visa	Am travelling from Bahrain to USA via heathrow international airport on British air way. Do I need to have a transit visa to make this trip? 
46067	Transferring between British Airways and Delta at LHR - T5 to T3 - is 2h30 sufficient?	Landing Heathrow T5 with BA  Leaving Heathrow T3 with Delta (actually, it's a Virgin Atlantic flight)  I would need to get through immigration, find my luggage, travel from T5 to T3, check in luggage, go through security, get to Virgin gate. Correct?  Is 2h35m sufficient?  
46096	One way trip from Tel Aviv to Petra and more in Jordan?	I am planning a short winter vacation in Israel and the (award) flight back I found goes through Amman and so I thought I would visit Petra and perhaps more on the way back cos why not.  So, I will be in Tel Aviv or Jerusalem or something, the whole country is rather small and I would like to get to Petra. I really, really badly do not want to haggle with anyone -- everything I read includes "oh go to the border walk over and take a taxi but don't let them rip you off". Thanks but no thanks. This is non-negotiable, please refrain from answering "it's not so bad" -- I've been to Israel a few times and I can imagine how bad it is across the border. A guide would also be great in Petra. I would perhaps start out on a Friday morning and need to be at the Amman airport Sunday 11am.  So is there a two-day guided tour to Jordan starting from Israel where I can save some money (and time! -- if the tour terminates at an early hour because people need to get back to Israel, not so good) by not coming back? As this is unusual, perhaps part of a three-day trip? Or would an arranged private tour be very expensive? (more than a few hundred dollars is very expensive for this)  Edit: also, if possible, I'd rather not fly to Eilat -- last time I was flying within Israel I got strip searched which in itself wasn't as big a problem as it sounds, but the whole security process took a real long time and time is of essence here. Of course, if that's what it takes, I'll risk it. 
46093	How to find and compare flights carried out by a specific type of plane?	I'd really like to fly with an Airbus A380. But how do I find and compare the price of flights that are carried out by specific kind of plane? I don't want to fly just anywhere; I plan to go from Vienna, Austria to Indonesia this summer, possibly with a stop-over in Hong Kong, Singapore or Bangkok.  I checked if any there are any regular commercial flights with A380s to/from my home town. There aren't, so the way to go is probably to first fly to a major hub somewhere in the Middle East or South East Asia (which I'd have to do anyway since there don't seem to be many direct flights from Vienna to SEA).   So far, I simply searched for flights like you'd usually do and then checked which planes they use; this is very, very tedious, especially when one is very flexible in dates.    How do I find cheap flights that are carried out by a specific type of plane? 
46129	Does Schengen visa proof of transport requirement include travel inside Europe?	The Schengen checklist for short stay when applying from South Africa via France includes this (emphasis mine):     "All transfers (flight/ferry/train/bus/taxi) showing entry &amp; exit from   France and between other countries must be provided. Name of   applicant must appear on all proof of transport."   My flights are booked, I have proof of arrival from my country and a long series of flights to leave the schengen area and return home. There is a ferry into France and a flight from Berlin to Dublin (outside Schengen).  However, I prefer not to book some of my transport inside Europe because many train and bus systems do not allow me to book more than 90 days in advance (I am in the schengen area for 82 days). Is this something the visa people are likely to be difficult about, given that movement once one is inside the Schengen area is not supposed to be important? 
46132	will my visa be refused due to my history of being refused entry to the uk?	I was denied entry to the UK for the following reasons:   limited funding 'used deception' by concealing that my parents are in the UK  no return ticket   Now the deception part I am concerned about: I mentioned that my parents are here but I don't think the officer understodd me properly and he claims that I have used deception. This is mentioned in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter' (long paragraph)  But in the 'reasons for detention and bail rights' only the following have been ticked:     b) there is insufficient reliable information to deceide on whether to grant you temporary admission or release      6) you have failed to give satisfactory or reliable answers to an immigration officer's enquiries.     so my question is, the deception was not ticked in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter'-so does that mean it wasn't formally recorded as deception?  I am now going to apply for a visiting visa to visit my family for about a month. How should i prepare for this to make sure that i do not get rejected? 
46132	will my visa be refused due to my history of being refused entry to the uk?	I was denied entry to the UK for the following reasons:   limited funding 'used deception' by concealing that my parents are in the UK  no return ticket   Now the deception part I am concerned about: I mentioned that my parents are here but I don't think the officer understodd me properly and he claims that I have used deception. This is mentioned in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter' (long paragraph)  But in the 'reasons for detention and bail rights' only the following have been ticked:     b) there is insufficient reliable information to deceide on whether to grant you temporary admission or release      6) you have failed to give satisfactory or reliable answers to an immigration officer's enquiries.     so my question is, the deception was not ticked in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter'-so does that mean it wasn't formally recorded as deception?  I am now going to apply for a visiting visa to visit my family for about a month. How should i prepare for this to make sure that i do not get rejected? 
46132	will my visa be refused due to my history of being refused entry to the uk?	I was denied entry to the UK for the following reasons:   limited funding 'used deception' by concealing that my parents are in the UK  no return ticket   Now the deception part I am concerned about: I mentioned that my parents are here but I don't think the officer understodd me properly and he claims that I have used deception. This is mentioned in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter' (long paragraph)  But in the 'reasons for detention and bail rights' only the following have been ticked:     b) there is insufficient reliable information to deceide on whether to grant you temporary admission or release      6) you have failed to give satisfactory or reliable answers to an immigration officer's enquiries.     so my question is, the deception was not ticked in the 'notice of refusal to leave or enter'-so does that mean it wasn't formally recorded as deception?  I am now going to apply for a visiting visa to visit my family for about a month. How should i prepare for this to make sure that i do not get rejected? 
46143	Is it permitted to attend to a programming conference under the tourist Schengen visa?	Let's say I already have a tourist Schengen visa which will be valid at the time of the conference, so getting another visa is not exactly desirable. I plan to pay for the conference myself and the subject of the conference is connected to my job only indirectly. However since my activity in the country could not be exactly described as a tourism, I'm curious is it really fine?  Also to expand questions further, by quick googling I couldn't find what are exact regulations of what you can and can not do with certain type of Schengen visa (most of my findings are about the requirements of getting the visa), so some useful links would be appreciated. 
46143	Is it permitted to attend to a programming conference under the tourist Schengen visa?	Let's say I already have a tourist Schengen visa which will be valid at the time of the conference, so getting another visa is not exactly desirable. I plan to pay for the conference myself and the subject of the conference is connected to my job only indirectly. However since my activity in the country could not be exactly described as a tourism, I'm curious is it really fine?  Also to expand questions further, by quick googling I couldn't find what are exact regulations of what you can and can not do with certain type of Schengen visa (most of my findings are about the requirements of getting the visa), so some useful links would be appreciated. 
46143	Is it permitted to attend to a programming conference under the tourist Schengen visa?	Let's say I already have a tourist Schengen visa which will be valid at the time of the conference, so getting another visa is not exactly desirable. I plan to pay for the conference myself and the subject of the conference is connected to my job only indirectly. However since my activity in the country could not be exactly described as a tourism, I'm curious is it really fine?  Also to expand questions further, by quick googling I couldn't find what are exact regulations of what you can and can not do with certain type of Schengen visa (most of my findings are about the requirements of getting the visa), so some useful links would be appreciated. 
46143	Is it permitted to attend to a programming conference under the tourist Schengen visa?	Let's say I already have a tourist Schengen visa which will be valid at the time of the conference, so getting another visa is not exactly desirable. I plan to pay for the conference myself and the subject of the conference is connected to my job only indirectly. However since my activity in the country could not be exactly described as a tourism, I'm curious is it really fine?  Also to expand questions further, by quick googling I couldn't find what are exact regulations of what you can and can not do with certain type of Schengen visa (most of my findings are about the requirements of getting the visa), so some useful links would be appreciated. 
46111	Ridiculous and unreasonable taxes for used electronic devices in europe	I'm a German national, and I have lived for the past 2 years in France. Like many people, I travel with my iPad, phone and MacBook; each of these items are over one and a half years old, bought in USA, and I have travelled more than 7 times around the world with them.   Recently I travelled to Mexico for vacation (my parents live there). During my layover in Germany I was forced me to pay 500 euros worth of taxes and insurances because I didn't declare them. I have never heard of this before, surely it is completely absurd since these items are already used and old! This is completely wrong, right? Is there any way I can complain and get my money back or report this? 
46111	Ridiculous and unreasonable taxes for used electronic devices in europe	I'm a German national, and I have lived for the past 2 years in France. Like many people, I travel with my iPad, phone and MacBook; each of these items are over one and a half years old, bought in USA, and I have travelled more than 7 times around the world with them.   Recently I travelled to Mexico for vacation (my parents live there). During my layover in Germany I was forced me to pay 500 euros worth of taxes and insurances because I didn't declare them. I have never heard of this before, surely it is completely absurd since these items are already used and old! This is completely wrong, right? Is there any way I can complain and get my money back or report this? 
46172	Connecting through UK when between UK visas	My friend is a Canadian citizen and currently in the UK on a Tier 5 Youth Mobility visa. This expires at the end of July. She has obtained a place at a UK university and that course starts in mid-September. Her Tier 4 Student Visa would therefore start a month before then, in mid-August. It is clear that she must be out of the country between her two visas.  Her plan is to go back to Canada in about mid-July in order to sort out her student visa (you cannot apply for the student visa in the UK while on a Youth Mobility visa). In early August she would fly to somewhere on mainland Europe before returning to the UK for when her student visa starts.  The only issue is that she will need to get a connecting flight in the UK on her way back from Canada to Europe. Will it be an issue with UK Immigration that she is in between visas when she tries to connect flights in a British airport?  This paragraph from Heathrow's website seems to say that she will have to go through immigration but that it should be fine if she has an outbound booking and sufficient documentation.     Please note that it is a Border Force requirement that all passengers   entering the UK must present themselves to Immigration at the first   port of call. Therefore it is important that your passport/visa allows   you entry into the UK. You can apply for a 24-hour visa on arrival.   This is at the discretion of the Immigration Officer, who must be   satisfied that you have a confirmed booking of onward travel within 24   hours.  
46182	Do I need a transit visa in Switzerland?	I'm a green card holder and I have a Syrian passport, my main destination is Lebanon and I'm going through Geneva airport. Do I need a transit visa? 
45958	Can 180 days Spanish student visa holder depart from another Schengen state?	I'm an Indian on a 180 days Spanish student visa. I would like to travel around EU. Is it possible for me to catch my return flight to India from an airport in a different Schengen state or do I strictly have to depart from Spain? 
44728	How much money do I need to show I have to visit the UK from Egpyt?	How much must be in my account when I apply for a visitor visa to visit my friend in the UK? I need bank statements for the last six months. I am in Egypt.  
46187	Boston to Europe and back, mixed fare?	I want to fly Boston - Venice, stay there for awhile, then Venice- Barcelona, stay for a few days, then Barcelona to Boston.  I have a minor heart problem that gets worse with lack of sleep so I want to book a business-class "lay flat" seat for the Boston-Venice leg so I can try to sleep, but I'd like to fly economy for the rest.  I'm a Delta frequent Flyer so I called Delta and they said that I had to book the WHOLE trip at business class rates to get that one leg at business class. That seemed ridiculous. Is it true and if so, why?  N.B. the goal here is not just to BOOK a mixed-fare trip -  even Delta will let me do that -  the goal is to save money over booking the whole thing as Business class.  Can I book a series of one-way flights or will the extra cost of one way wipe out any savings?     Thanks in advance. 
44271	90 days out of 180	I'm going to The Netherlands (as usual) and was wondering if the times overlapped. For example, I went for about a month in December and am planning to go again this May.   Assuming my 180 days began when I went in December, I will be okay to go again in June. If I'm already there, will my 180 days reset or will they count my second vacation as going over the amount of days I'm able to stay there?  Thank you for any information. 
44271	90 days out of 180	I'm going to The Netherlands (as usual) and was wondering if the times overlapped. For example, I went for about a month in December and am planning to go again this May.   Assuming my 180 days began when I went in December, I will be okay to go again in June. If I'm already there, will my 180 days reset or will they count my second vacation as going over the amount of days I'm able to stay there?  Thank you for any information. 
46202	Do the 90 Days on my VWP/ESTA pause when I am in Canada?	I left the U.S. for Canada with about 3 weeks left on my stay allowance in the U.S. I am now wondering if the 90 days kept counting down while I was in Canada? I would like to visit some family on the way back over to Europe, but have the feeling that my 90 days have now expired. I am aware that Canada does not count towards a reset in allowance. Any help appreciated!  
46206	Is visa required for transit in Germany?	I will be travelling from USA to India via Phoenix-Frankfurt-Bangalore this May. I currently have a US F1 Student Visa.     Do I need to a transit visa for Germany, since I have a layover in Frankfurt? 
46210	Traveling with luggage in Machu Picchu region and avoiding altitude sickness	We have a trip ahead in South America that includes about 4 days in Cusco - Machu Picchu region. The main purpose of this part is obviously to see Machu Picchu, a bit of the Sacred Valley, catch a glimpse of Cusco and possibly one more place in that region, maybe Tipon.  We are traveling to Cusco by plane from practically zero altitude, so one of the major things to consider is minimizing the risk of altitude sickness when planning the itinerary. The scheduled arrival time is around 10 am in the morning, but this is after several flight connections. Should something go wrong and we miss a flight on the way, we might not make it to Cusco till the evening, which further imposes risks on the decision about the date that we should buy Machu Picchu tickets for, since those are bought in advance and cannot be modified easily.  As you can guess, the question is how to plan these 4 days. Since Cusco is very high (3400 meters), I don't consider it an option to sleep there the first night. Better would be Ollantaytambo (~2800 m) or even Aguas Calientes (~2000 m) in case we can make it there.  The second issue to consider is that each one of us is traveling with a luggage of 12-15 kg and a small backpack of 3-4 kg. Obviously we would like to spend as little time without access to our luggages as possible, preferably no nights at all.  Traveling to Aguas Calientes with the luggage can be problematic, especially since we'll be there in the high season, although still possible. In case we are willing to pay extra for that option, how can this be arranged, and how much extra will that be on top of the regular train ticket prices? In this case we would spend the first two nights in Aguas Calientes, see Machu Picchu on day two, and the third day heading back to Ollantaytambo and probably to Cusco the fourth day.  If that's too risky or simply doesn't work in the high season, it seems that staying in Ollantaytambo the first night and leaving the luggage there is the best option. We would go see a bit of the Sacred Valley the second day, sleep in Aguas Calientes, then see Machu Picchu on day three, head back to Ollantaytambo in the evening to meet our luggage again and sleep there, then head to Cusco on day four. The obvious disadvantage of this alternative is that we are spending one night without the luggage, we should find a safe place to store it in Ollantaytambo for maybe over 36 hours (where?), and that we are spending the first night at around 2800 meters instead of the appealing 2000 meters option.  This is what I could come up with so far, but all different itinerary ideas are also welcome, as long as they match our restrictions and preferences. Lots of people on the internet write about how less is more and you should try to travel without a luggage and everything, but it will be a long and exhausting journey and this is really not what we want. We're not traveling on extremely tight budget, meaning that we are alright with taking trains as such, but only as long as the prices are reasonable. This means that we don't want to pay a hundred dollars just to take the luggages with us on the train, finances are still a part of the equation as it is to most people on SE.  Surprisingly, out of the several countries that we are planning to visit, this region has been the toughest to plan. I hope to shape the remaining part with your feedback and ideas. Thanks in advance.  Edit: please note that the main question is not how to deal with the altitude sickness, rather what's the best route plan under very common restrictions such as traveling with a luggage and keeping in mind the altitude sickness. 
46210	Traveling with luggage in Machu Picchu region and avoiding altitude sickness	We have a trip ahead in South America that includes about 4 days in Cusco - Machu Picchu region. The main purpose of this part is obviously to see Machu Picchu, a bit of the Sacred Valley, catch a glimpse of Cusco and possibly one more place in that region, maybe Tipon.  We are traveling to Cusco by plane from practically zero altitude, so one of the major things to consider is minimizing the risk of altitude sickness when planning the itinerary. The scheduled arrival time is around 10 am in the morning, but this is after several flight connections. Should something go wrong and we miss a flight on the way, we might not make it to Cusco till the evening, which further imposes risks on the decision about the date that we should buy Machu Picchu tickets for, since those are bought in advance and cannot be modified easily.  As you can guess, the question is how to plan these 4 days. Since Cusco is very high (3400 meters), I don't consider it an option to sleep there the first night. Better would be Ollantaytambo (~2800 m) or even Aguas Calientes (~2000 m) in case we can make it there.  The second issue to consider is that each one of us is traveling with a luggage of 12-15 kg and a small backpack of 3-4 kg. Obviously we would like to spend as little time without access to our luggages as possible, preferably no nights at all.  Traveling to Aguas Calientes with the luggage can be problematic, especially since we'll be there in the high season, although still possible. In case we are willing to pay extra for that option, how can this be arranged, and how much extra will that be on top of the regular train ticket prices? In this case we would spend the first two nights in Aguas Calientes, see Machu Picchu on day two, and the third day heading back to Ollantaytambo and probably to Cusco the fourth day.  If that's too risky or simply doesn't work in the high season, it seems that staying in Ollantaytambo the first night and leaving the luggage there is the best option. We would go see a bit of the Sacred Valley the second day, sleep in Aguas Calientes, then see Machu Picchu on day three, head back to Ollantaytambo in the evening to meet our luggage again and sleep there, then head to Cusco on day four. The obvious disadvantage of this alternative is that we are spending one night without the luggage, we should find a safe place to store it in Ollantaytambo for maybe over 36 hours (where?), and that we are spending the first night at around 2800 meters instead of the appealing 2000 meters option.  This is what I could come up with so far, but all different itinerary ideas are also welcome, as long as they match our restrictions and preferences. Lots of people on the internet write about how less is more and you should try to travel without a luggage and everything, but it will be a long and exhausting journey and this is really not what we want. We're not traveling on extremely tight budget, meaning that we are alright with taking trains as such, but only as long as the prices are reasonable. This means that we don't want to pay a hundred dollars just to take the luggages with us on the train, finances are still a part of the equation as it is to most people on SE.  Surprisingly, out of the several countries that we are planning to visit, this region has been the toughest to plan. I hope to shape the remaining part with your feedback and ideas. Thanks in advance.  Edit: please note that the main question is not how to deal with the altitude sickness, rather what's the best route plan under very common restrictions such as traveling with a luggage and keeping in mind the altitude sickness. 
46177	Can i stay to Zurich airport If I reach before my visa starts?	I have a query regarding transit visa. I am a student at the Indian Institute of Technology in Jodhpur, India.  I am going to visit Switzerland during this summer as a student trainee. I got my visa clear with starting date 11th May 2015, but my flight is on 10th May 2015 from Mumbai and it will reach to Zurich on 10th May at 22:00. So I just want to know that is it possible to travel with that visa as it has starting date 11th May 2015 or do I need some transit visa to stay on Zurich airport for two hours or I can't travel at all on 10th May?  Please reply to this thread as soon as possible so that I can decide accordingly. 
46221	I pay triple the price originating a flight from US, (L.A.- Amsterdam) versus the opposite (Am-L.A)	I heard that the reason why we pay almost triple the price from a flight originating in the US is because the US charges over $700 in taxes on an international flight. How to avoid this? 
46230	Why do cities impose a tourist tax?	I'm planning a trip and I see the term "tourist tax" littered about. My question is why do countries/cities tax tourists when tourism in itself is of economical benefit to the country? 
46244	What is the best way to get Mexican Pesos from Canadian Dollars?	My girlfriend and I expect to need about CAD$200 each for our upcoming vacation in beautiful Mexico. Using our CAD$400 total, what method of exchange will give us the most Mexican Pesos ($MXN)?  I have seen some general answers, like this USD to CAD answer that states that using a debit card at an ATM in your destination country is best, followed by changing at home, then changing at the destination, with a credit card at an ATM being the worst.  But I would like specific dollar values for CAD to MXN because I assume it varies country to country and that are some fixed costs that depend on how much cash you are changing. 
46253	Schengen visa: Interrupted stay	We have a Schengen visa for two years which states “multi entry” max stay 90 days, and UK visa for 10 years. My question is that we wish to go to AMS stay there for a month and later on go to UK for about a month and then return back to AMS and to stay there for two months, i.e. balance of the ninety days' stay. We are having return ticekts from New Delhi to Amsterdam and back. We wish to buy tickt to UK and back from Amsterdam only.  Kindly advise on the issue as travel agents have different views about the subject. 
46253	Schengen visa: Interrupted stay	We have a Schengen visa for two years which states “multi entry” max stay 90 days, and UK visa for 10 years. My question is that we wish to go to AMS stay there for a month and later on go to UK for about a month and then return back to AMS and to stay there for two months, i.e. balance of the ninety days' stay. We are having return ticekts from New Delhi to Amsterdam and back. We wish to buy tickt to UK and back from Amsterdam only.  Kindly advise on the issue as travel agents have different views about the subject. 
46271	Do I need a transit visa for a stop in London?	I am indian citizen. I am staying in canada. I want to go to India from Canada with connecting flight from London. Do I need visa for that? 
46272	Which visa do I need for layover of 50 hours in London while in transit to USA on B1/B2 from India	I would be reaching Heathrow airport on Day1 13:00 hours from Bangalore, India and leaving Heathrow to Seattle (USA) on Day3 15:30 hours. I am an Indian passport holder and a resident of India. I would be going to USA on B1/B2.  The question is which visa do I need. When I checked on UK gov website it says "Visitor in Transit Visa" but when I check during my online application, it shows "Tourist visa of 6 months validity". I am confused. Can anyone help me please.  Thanks a lot. 
46177	Can i stay to Zurich airport If I reach before my visa starts?	I have a query regarding transit visa. I am a student at the Indian Institute of Technology in Jodhpur, India.  I am going to visit Switzerland during this summer as a student trainee. I got my visa clear with starting date 11th May 2015, but my flight is on 10th May 2015 from Mumbai and it will reach to Zurich on 10th May at 22:00. So I just want to know that is it possible to travel with that visa as it has starting date 11th May 2015 or do I need some transit visa to stay on Zurich airport for two hours or I can't travel at all on 10th May?  Please reply to this thread as soon as possible so that I can decide accordingly. 
46177	Can i stay to Zurich airport If I reach before my visa starts?	I have a query regarding transit visa. I am a student at the Indian Institute of Technology in Jodhpur, India.  I am going to visit Switzerland during this summer as a student trainee. I got my visa clear with starting date 11th May 2015, but my flight is on 10th May 2015 from Mumbai and it will reach to Zurich on 10th May at 22:00. So I just want to know that is it possible to travel with that visa as it has starting date 11th May 2015 or do I need some transit visa to stay on Zurich airport for two hours or I can't travel at all on 10th May?  Please reply to this thread as soon as possible so that I can decide accordingly. 
46288	Do I require a transit visa for Cuba?	Does an  Indian citizen holding Indian Passport need any type of visa for Cuba if flying onward within 72 hours to the Cayman Islands? 
46289	Converting patronymic names to surnames	Most of the visa forms online require you to enter first name, middle name, last name combinations. This works only if your name follows the "first name - family name" format. In many parts of the world people use the patronymic form of naming where your name would have your father's name and there is no mention of a family name.    So how would you convert such a name into first, middle and last name?  For example, if my name is S Gokula Krishnan (S being the first letter of my dad's name, Sundar) how would I convert this?  Note: the example is given to provide clarity to the question and not to narrow down the scope of the answer. 
46285	Required documents for minor U.S. citizen entering and returning from Canada	My 17-year-old daughter's passport expired on April 1, 2015. She is a U.S. citizen. I need to know if she will be allowed to across the border from Rochester, New York to Canada and back from Canada to Detroit. She has with her the expired passport and her original birth certificate, and will be traveling with her mother. 
6304	Why do return flight costs vary depending on the country of origin?	I had planned for my wife, daughters and I to take a holiday from our home in China to the UK for a few weeks in July. Usually, when people visit us in China from the UK, the cost is around £450 to £500 for a return flight. Looking online, I can see that such tickets are available. However, when I looked at the flights from China to the UK the costs for return tickets were in the £850 to £1,000 range.  This seems unfair. Buying the same ticket on the same airplane results in vastly different prices depending on your origin. What justification is there for airlines to charge double the price for return flights from China to the UK and back as for the return flights from UK to China and back?  As it stands this will end our vacation plans as the cost has gone from an expensive £2000 trip for the family to an astronomical £4000 trip, equal to my entire years salary. 
46284	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?	I have a flight layover of 12 hours at Istanbul. I have a official Indian passport and will have a Schengen visa as I will be returning from Germany.    Do I need a transit visa for city tour? If yes, what is the procedure? 
46323	Ireland Transit Visa when flying from IND - Abu Dhabi - Dublin - US	My parents are Indian Citizens. They hold a valid B2 Tourist Visa to USA. I'm planning to book a flight with Hyderabad (India) - Abu Dhabi (UAE) - Dublin (Ireland) - USA. The leg from Hyderabad to Dublin is operated by Etihad and I know there is no problem hopping at Abu Dhabi. The leg from Dublin to US is operated by Aer Lingus. I called Aer Lingus customer care agent told me a transit visa is required to land in Dublin. She did not care to ask for the citizenship of traveller or about the USA visa. I went through Irish immigration website - (http://www.inis.gov.ie/en/INIS/Pages/Transit%20Visas), India is not in list of countries that require transit visa. I'm now confused. Can some one confirm if they traveled with the same itinerary recently  Update: I called Aer Lingus again. Another agent told as long as I don't exit airport, transit visa is not required. I think these people don't really understand trouble we go through when boarding is denied. I put this question because I read a person was denied boarding earlier - Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?. His case mentions about denied because of different day. But I see his transit time is 12 hours only. 
46329	Is it safer to travel with another person when hitchhiking in western Europe?	I hear some crazy stories where young hitchhikers get abducted and even murdered by killers who prey on young hitchhikers. Are the odds of such bad incidents high?  Is hitchhiking in western Europe safer (less risk of getting abducted) if you're travelling with at least one other person? 
46353	How is Schengen area revisited at end of six months?	As you may be aware, the Schengen visa area of Europe allows for Canadians to visit all of the countries under the Schengen treaty, without need for a visa, and for a period of 90 days out of any six month period.   I am a Canadian citizen currently visiting Spain.  In 2014, I entered the Schengen area in Paris, France, on October 25th.    As of April 25th 2015, it will be six months since my initial entry into the Schengen area.  As of April 25th 2015, my stay in the Schengen area will come to a total of approximately 70 days.  It is my intention to stay in the Schengen area beyond April 25th, if I am allowed to initiate a new six month period per the Schengen agreement.  My question is: am I allowed to initiate a new six month period without need to exit and re-enter the Schengen area?  
46366	Schengen visa single entry from Hungary	I am traveling from Delhi to Hungary and I got single entry C category tourist visa for 18 days. Does it mean that I can travel within Schengen countries from Hungary and come back to Hungary before I fly back to Delhi.  
46370	Getting around Germany (flight / travel strategy)	So here is my plan to visit Germany &amp; Romania as a USA native.   USA or Newark EWR - Bucharest, Romania (4 days) fly to - somewhere in Germany (Munich or Berlin) (stay 10 days) ----  fly back to Newark EWR.  Other than electronic nightclubs we have 0 expectations for Germany and most likely will pick random things to do on top Germany travel/sightseeing lists.  My original plan was to fly into [One of Germany's busiest airports (Frankfurt, Munich, Berlin or Düsseldorf] Then rent a nice car for the 10 days days because Germany seems to have nice highways and then end at the same city and fly home.   I came to think there is a better plan. For example, what if I flew into Munich or Berlin, then drove to Nuremberg, then Frankfurt then Cologne then to the last city to fly back to the States. Does this make more sense? Ie start at Berlin or Munich then spend, say 2 days, in each of those major cities driving towards the other one to fly back out to the home (Newark EWR of the USA). Does this make more sense? Pretty much I have roughly 10 business days + 3 weekends so I was going to try and visit the most "touristy" areas of Germany.   Also if I wanted to start out or end at Vienna Austria because 10 days in Germany was a bit too much could I drive a rental car across the border or would I have to fly from say Berlin to Vienna or Frankfurt to Vienna?  we plan to visit in August 
46370	Getting around Germany (flight / travel strategy)	So here is my plan to visit Germany &amp; Romania as a USA native.   USA or Newark EWR - Bucharest, Romania (4 days) fly to - somewhere in Germany (Munich or Berlin) (stay 10 days) ----  fly back to Newark EWR.  Other than electronic nightclubs we have 0 expectations for Germany and most likely will pick random things to do on top Germany travel/sightseeing lists.  My original plan was to fly into [One of Germany's busiest airports (Frankfurt, Munich, Berlin or Düsseldorf] Then rent a nice car for the 10 days days because Germany seems to have nice highways and then end at the same city and fly home.   I came to think there is a better plan. For example, what if I flew into Munich or Berlin, then drove to Nuremberg, then Frankfurt then Cologne then to the last city to fly back to the States. Does this make more sense? Ie start at Berlin or Munich then spend, say 2 days, in each of those major cities driving towards the other one to fly back out to the home (Newark EWR of the USA). Does this make more sense? Pretty much I have roughly 10 business days + 3 weekends so I was going to try and visit the most "touristy" areas of Germany.   Also if I wanted to start out or end at Vienna Austria because 10 days in Germany was a bit too much could I drive a rental car across the border or would I have to fly from say Berlin to Vienna or Frankfurt to Vienna?  we plan to visit in August 
46370	Getting around Germany (flight / travel strategy)	So here is my plan to visit Germany &amp; Romania as a USA native.   USA or Newark EWR - Bucharest, Romania (4 days) fly to - somewhere in Germany (Munich or Berlin) (stay 10 days) ----  fly back to Newark EWR.  Other than electronic nightclubs we have 0 expectations for Germany and most likely will pick random things to do on top Germany travel/sightseeing lists.  My original plan was to fly into [One of Germany's busiest airports (Frankfurt, Munich, Berlin or Düsseldorf] Then rent a nice car for the 10 days days because Germany seems to have nice highways and then end at the same city and fly home.   I came to think there is a better plan. For example, what if I flew into Munich or Berlin, then drove to Nuremberg, then Frankfurt then Cologne then to the last city to fly back to the States. Does this make more sense? Ie start at Berlin or Munich then spend, say 2 days, in each of those major cities driving towards the other one to fly back out to the home (Newark EWR of the USA). Does this make more sense? Pretty much I have roughly 10 business days + 3 weekends so I was going to try and visit the most "touristy" areas of Germany.   Also if I wanted to start out or end at Vienna Austria because 10 days in Germany was a bit too much could I drive a rental car across the border or would I have to fly from say Berlin to Vienna or Frankfurt to Vienna?  we plan to visit in August 
46370	Getting around Germany (flight / travel strategy)	So here is my plan to visit Germany &amp; Romania as a USA native.   USA or Newark EWR - Bucharest, Romania (4 days) fly to - somewhere in Germany (Munich or Berlin) (stay 10 days) ----  fly back to Newark EWR.  Other than electronic nightclubs we have 0 expectations for Germany and most likely will pick random things to do on top Germany travel/sightseeing lists.  My original plan was to fly into [One of Germany's busiest airports (Frankfurt, Munich, Berlin or Düsseldorf] Then rent a nice car for the 10 days days because Germany seems to have nice highways and then end at the same city and fly home.   I came to think there is a better plan. For example, what if I flew into Munich or Berlin, then drove to Nuremberg, then Frankfurt then Cologne then to the last city to fly back to the States. Does this make more sense? Ie start at Berlin or Munich then spend, say 2 days, in each of those major cities driving towards the other one to fly back out to the home (Newark EWR of the USA). Does this make more sense? Pretty much I have roughly 10 business days + 3 weekends so I was going to try and visit the most "touristy" areas of Germany.   Also if I wanted to start out or end at Vienna Austria because 10 days in Germany was a bit too much could I drive a rental car across the border or would I have to fly from say Berlin to Vienna or Frankfurt to Vienna?  we plan to visit in August 
46372	Eurail Global Pass - Is it valid for travel within city local transport?	We are a family of 4 persons (children 9 years and 7 years) and are travelling to Berlin. We would be there for 40 days. We plan to travel to nearby cities within Germany and other countries over weekends.  After that we plan to travel for next 15 days to Italy, Switzerland, France  etc.  How good an option is Eurail Global Pass (2 months consecutive validity pass) is for this travel? Is this pass valid for internal/ local travel in any city that we may visit during this trip? 
46372	Eurail Global Pass - Is it valid for travel within city local transport?	We are a family of 4 persons (children 9 years and 7 years) and are travelling to Berlin. We would be there for 40 days. We plan to travel to nearby cities within Germany and other countries over weekends.  After that we plan to travel for next 15 days to Italy, Switzerland, France  etc.  How good an option is Eurail Global Pass (2 months consecutive validity pass) is for this travel? Is this pass valid for internal/ local travel in any city that we may visit during this trip? 
46398	Transit visa in Denmark and Sweden	I am travelling to Chicago, USA and therefore have a valid US Visa. I hold a Ghanaian passport and a valid UK visa expiring in January, 2016. I'm travelling from Heathrow-Copenhagen-Chicago and returning by Chicago-Stockholm-Heathrow.  Would I need a Schengen airport transit visa for both Denmark and Sweden? 
46419	Day Room At or Near Frankfurt Airport	There is already a question about Sleeping at Frankfurt Airport. We are in the same situation with a 9 hours stop over during the day after a redeye flight, except that we would like more comfort than sleeping in the airport lounges since we will be travelling with a small child.  Are there hotels within the airport or close to the airport which offer day-rooms? Something that can be used from very early morning to early afternoon. This is something I've seen in Asian airports but never elsewhere so far. 
46428	about overstay in denmark	I have visited Denmark two times so far, and my husband lives there. The last time when I went there 8 year ago, I applied for a permanent visa, which was refused. I consequently overstayed for 10 days because I didn't receive a ticket for the return flight on time.   Now they do not even give me a visitor visa. I have two children holding danish nationality. I have tried to apply for visitor visa two times, but it was refused each time. Now I want to try again to apply for a visit visa. Can you give any advise about it? The marriage of my husband's son is going to held in august. I want to apply for a visitor visa to attend the marriage.   Your fast replies are highly appreciated.   Thanks, nabila mushtaq 
46448	UK transit visa for Greek resident permit holder	I have called and mailed different offices including the UK embassy in Greece concerning this question, I have one office directing me to another in circle. Anyway, I have a 5years Greek resident permit, I'm travelling to Lagos, Nigeria using the British airways, I'm a Nigerian passport holder. Now some people say I need a transit visa and some say I do not, does anyone have an idea to give me a correct answer? I'm not getting out of the airport as it's just few hours in transit. 
46466	UK Exit Checks: Are people driving via Eurotunnel/Ferry affected?	I am informed that the Home Office has activated a plan to implement exit checks for people leaving the UK.  One way to leave the UK is to drive via the Eurotunnel to France.  Another way is to take a ferry from one of the ports such as Dover.    Are people in cars affected? If so, are cars with UK license plates exempted? Also if so, is it advisable to add an extra 60 - 90 minutes to one's journey time to account for an exit check?   
46443	Deutsche Bahn: Reliable wifi on train?	There's a fair chance that I will be travelling between Düsseldorf (DE) and Poznan (P) frequently soon, using Deutsche Bahn. Since this is a fairly long trip, I'd like to ensure that I can open my laptop and work while on the train.  Is there Wi-fi available for this? If so, is it reliable for work (VPN access, online calls, etc)? 
46492	Visit USA west-coast in camper	I'm planning a journey through California, Arizona, Utah and Nevada. I would hire a camper but I'm not sure if I can station everywhere with it.  Is it possible in those states to park a caravan in a car park/gas station/roadside  and spend there one night (not more than one) or the only authorized way to sleep inside a caravan is station inside a fitted camping?  My route doesn't cross any big city (except Las Vegas). Only states parks, scenic routes and deserts. 
46492	Visit USA west-coast in camper	I'm planning a journey through California, Arizona, Utah and Nevada. I would hire a camper but I'm not sure if I can station everywhere with it.  Is it possible in those states to park a caravan in a car park/gas station/roadside  and spend there one night (not more than one) or the only authorized way to sleep inside a caravan is station inside a fitted camping?  My route doesn't cross any big city (except Las Vegas). Only states parks, scenic routes and deserts. 
46515	Immersion at St Helen's Spring (Sacred Spring in England)	I have been planning to take a group of visiting in-laws to various healing springs in South East England (related question here), and St Helen's Spring in Hastings seems like a great venue.  I have managed to acquire a great map to the spring as it's hard to find...   The 'x' on the map marks the location of a stone-built pool (presumably from the Victorian age) that captures and collects the water. The Trip Advisor site offers a photo of the pool, but gives scant information about it.  The main Trip Advisor page for the spring gives an alluring description, but again nothing specific.  The Wikipedia suggests that the stone-build pool may have been used in the late Victorian age as a baptismal pool.  And one source dates the construction of the pool to the 8th century, if not the Sub-Roman era.  Question: can tourists (or even local visitors) immerse themselves here without fear of violating a rule laid down by the Trust? Or even a public law?  Is it ok to 'take a dip' there?  Note: I know (from the Trip Advisor link above) that the water is a constant 4 degrees year-round and taking a dip might be awfully cold, but surely if people were getting baptised there then it must be bearable. 
46527	Are Turkey Black Sea beaches suitable for bathing in summer?	In June-July, it is possible I take a short trip to the north of Turkey. I'd like to know if their beaches worth a visit or not. Specifically, I'd like to know if:   Weather is appropriate for bathing (not raining, not low temperatures) Water temperature is not too low Water quality is good Beaches are clean (not too much rubbish)   I have been to the Mediterranean coast of Turkey and the beaches I found in summer were nice and well mantained, I'd like to know if this also happens in the north of the country. 
46558	Transfer from domestic flight to international flight in Nassau Airport	Is 1.5 hours enough time to go from a domestic Bahamasair flight to a jetBlue international flight in Nassau Airport?    How long should we leave to get through US Customs in Nassau? 
46579	Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application?	Should I mention in my application form that I am entering a different country first and later I will be staying longer in the country which Schengen visa will be issued to me?  Please help me before I submit my application forms. 
46573	Food in hand luggage	I'm flying with Ryanair soon, and would like to take a small amount of food with me in my hand luggage. In general, what are the rules/restrictions on this? I know that there might be some safety issues concerning on-board security, the risk of carrying diseases, etc.  Some types of food that I'm thinking of:   Home made snacks (cakes, etc); Bread / sandwiches; Food in sealed container; Food in a container that has already been opened.   Is there a list of guidelines that I should be aware of, to ensure that I'll be able to take everything with me on-board? 
46579	Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application?	Should I mention in my application form that I am entering a different country first and later I will be staying longer in the country which Schengen visa will be issued to me?  Please help me before I submit my application forms. 
46579	Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application?	Should I mention in my application form that I am entering a different country first and later I will be staying longer in the country which Schengen visa will be issued to me?  Please help me before I submit my application forms. 
46593	Do you have to use the whole ticket	I have a round trip ticket from Mexico to London, this flight has a connection in Paris, we are currently in Paris.  Do we need to go back to London or would we be able to board in Paris and just not use the first flight. 
46576	Is a visa required for Indian citizen with work permit in Denmark to visit UK?	I have read so much online but still I would like a final confirmation from someone who's been in similar situation as mine. I have an Indian passport and I live in Denmark. I have a Danish work permit (valid until 4 years).   Do I still need to apply for visa to visit UK?  Is this visa different from entry clearance?  I am thinking of applying for long term general visitor visa. It should suffice, right?  
46604	Can airport security find a waterskin?	From what I understand of the X-ray machines my hand luggage goes in, they are only able to reveal the shape of objects, especially if they are not made of metal or other X-ray-opaque material. So I assume that airport security officers (TSA, or its European/international equivalent) can only scan them for items that look like bottles.  If I were to bring liquids inside a plastic pouch or a waterskin, would it be detectable at all? Has anyone tried? Do I risk something, besides from the plastic pouch being taken away from me? 
46607	Romanian Visa Rules for New Zealand citizen	I came to Europe via Estonia, where I spent two months (entering via the Schengen Zone), after which I have come to Romania. My visas:    I have come here for work-related purposes, so I am in a transition period before my work visa will be applied for. However, during this time, I need to legally stay within the country.  I have found it very difficult to find information regarding the Romanian visa and how long it is, whether or not I can do a 'border-run' and re-enter Romania, etc.  I'd appreciate any input. 
46611	Using squat toilets with arthritic knees	Referring to this question got me thinking (and laughing).  I've used squat toilets a few times when traveling (and younger), although I try to avoid them.  I grew up in the US using "normal" western toilets.  Many years have passed since I last used one in Turkey, and I've been diagnosed with stage 4 arthritis in both knees (bone on bone).  Kneeling down is incredibly painful without some sort of foam or something to kneel on, and squatting is all but out of the question.  Well, squatting down isn't so much the problem, as getting back out of the squat afterward (I'm wincing just thinking about it).    We're headed for SE Asia in a couple of months for about a month and while I know all the places we usually stay will have western toilets (my wife's relatives), I also know I'll probably run into at least a couple of squat toilets to deal with especially if we go to Viet Nam as planned.  How do other folks with similar limitations deal with this? 
46629	How do you buy the right train ticket in the UK?	I recently traveled by train in the UK. I went to the station and bought a return ticket from Bristol to Oxford. The machine presented a huge number of options but in the end I chose a super off peak return as I was coming back the next day out of what I thought were peak times.  When I attempted to come back at 9:40 am I found that my ticket wasn't valid until 10:30am. I checked my ticket and there was nothing written on it about when it was valid and no times were shown on the machine I bought it from either.  How on earth can you tell which ticket you should have at what time of day? 
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46689	Visiting two Schengen countries, coming back home in between, do I apply for single-entry or multiple-entry visa?	I am a resident of Turkey and I will go to Austria for 6 days beginning of June and then I will come back to Turkey. After staying 10 days I will go to Italy for 11 days at the end of June. Do I need two single-entry visa, or a multiple-entry visa, and which country do I apply to? (My first destination is Austria but I will stay more in Italy)  
46702	I am a resident of a non-Schengen country flying to the US via Dublin and Zurich. Do I need a Visa?	I know there is a popular question already answered - Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area? - but I am still unclear on some of the rules applying to my specific case, due to the fact that the UK is a 'sort of in the Schengen area but not so' and also some other exceptions arising from the US visa.  I am a Thai passport holder with a Work Permit (Tier 2) in the UK and a B1/B2 visa to the US. I'm flying to the US via Dublin outgoing, then via Zurich and Dublin return. The aforementioned question implies that I'll need a visa for the intra-Schengen transfer on my return, but could I cut the ZUR-DUB leg of the journey and book a ZUR-LHR flight in the Zurich transfer area, or would this be outside the passport check area?   Would I need to carry on all luggage due to the baggage carousel being outside the border control stations? 
46677	Are governments limited in staff they can deploy to a consulate?	I've recently been dealing with the Russian consulates in North America, and they appear to be ridiculously mismanaged and/or understaffed.  In the jurisdiction served by Toronto, for example, they have so much "population requiring consulate services" that they not only have a queue to get in a queue (e.g. you have to set up an appointment to turn your papers in), but the aforementioned appointment queue is so full so far into the future (either 6 months or 1 year, IIRC) that their online queue management system currently doesn't even take any appointments at all whatsoever!  I've tried to inquire the reasons for such poor service in Moscow -- why don't they deploy more personnel if they have so much population that requires services -- but was told something to the effect that it's not up to Moscow how much staff is deployed.  Is it true?  Do the US and Canadian governments mandate limited consul staff and waiting times many times worse than DMVs in California?  Interestingly, the appointment wait time in the Consular section of the Embassy in Washington is about a month, and Consular Division in Ottawa has no appointment system whatsoever, still serving walk-ins. 
46702	I am a resident of a non-Schengen country flying to the US via Dublin and Zurich. Do I need a Visa?	I know there is a popular question already answered - Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area? - but I am still unclear on some of the rules applying to my specific case, due to the fact that the UK is a 'sort of in the Schengen area but not so' and also some other exceptions arising from the US visa.  I am a Thai passport holder with a Work Permit (Tier 2) in the UK and a B1/B2 visa to the US. I'm flying to the US via Dublin outgoing, then via Zurich and Dublin return. The aforementioned question implies that I'll need a visa for the intra-Schengen transfer on my return, but could I cut the ZUR-DUB leg of the journey and book a ZUR-LHR flight in the Zurich transfer area, or would this be outside the passport check area?   Would I need to carry on all luggage due to the baggage carousel being outside the border control stations? 
46720	Can I travel from USA to Germany with valid US B1 visa and schengen visa Issued In India	Presently, I am in USA for Business purpose with B1/B2 visa and can I travel to Germany from US with a valid Schengen visa, but schengen Visa issued at India. 
46741	Difference in first name on ticket vs. passport	I bought tickets onlines but by mistake there is a small difference in my names on ticket vs on my passport.  It is Muhammad Usman Akram on my passport where as on ticket it is Usman Akram. Will this be ok or it can create problem during immigration? 
46744	Is a biometric passport required for layover in the USA?	I want to visit Canada, for which, according to my research, I do not require an electronic passport.  However, most flights have a layover in the USA. I know I need an electronic passport to enter the US, do I also need it for layover? 
4061	Travel health insurance that counts as "credible coverage"	I am taking a long-term international trip of around 11 months. I am quitting my job, and so will lose my health insurance.  I am looking at different travel health insurance plans such as World Nomads and HTH. I will likely not have any domestic health coverage.  My concern is that when I return from the trip, whether or not US Insurers will recognize my travel health insurance as "credible coverage" and not as a gap in insurance (for which I could be excluded from coverage for certain conditions by a future insurer under U.S. law)  Does anyone have experience with this, returning from a long-term trip and trying to get insured?  UPDATE:  After researching World Nomads, IMG Global, and HTH Worldwide, I ended up selecting the highest possible deductible ($25,000) plan with HTH. This gave me a global health insurance plan (incl. USA) that cost about the same as the World Nomads plan, but without any of the additional travel coverages like trip cancellation, interruption, baggage coverage, etc. This plan counts as "creditable coverage" by US standards and is the least expensive plan I could find if your goal is just maintaining "creditable coverage". 
776	Long Term Travel - what insurances can / should I get?	I'm a freelancer in the field of software development and I'm planning to travel to different places, but also continue working. I'd expect to stay at a certain place (country) for 1-3 months. Pretty much living a nomadic life for a while.  What I'm wondering now, is, what type of insurance should I get and also what can I get, to be covered internationally. I guess the most important one is health insurance.  Not sure if that is important at all, but maybe I should mention that I'm a German citizen. However, I haven't lived in Germany for 4 years. Until now I've always lived in different countries, but for at least a year, and thus could get local insurances. However, if I would only stay in a country for 1-3 months I guess there is too much bureaucratic overhead to get local insurances. 
776	Long Term Travel - what insurances can / should I get?	I'm a freelancer in the field of software development and I'm planning to travel to different places, but also continue working. I'd expect to stay at a certain place (country) for 1-3 months. Pretty much living a nomadic life for a while.  What I'm wondering now, is, what type of insurance should I get and also what can I get, to be covered internationally. I guess the most important one is health insurance.  Not sure if that is important at all, but maybe I should mention that I'm a German citizen. However, I haven't lived in Germany for 4 years. Until now I've always lived in different countries, but for at least a year, and thus could get local insurances. However, if I would only stay in a country for 1-3 months I guess there is too much bureaucratic overhead to get local insurances. 
776	Long Term Travel - what insurances can / should I get?	I'm a freelancer in the field of software development and I'm planning to travel to different places, but also continue working. I'd expect to stay at a certain place (country) for 1-3 months. Pretty much living a nomadic life for a while.  What I'm wondering now, is, what type of insurance should I get and also what can I get, to be covered internationally. I guess the most important one is health insurance.  Not sure if that is important at all, but maybe I should mention that I'm a German citizen. However, I haven't lived in Germany for 4 years. Until now I've always lived in different countries, but for at least a year, and thus could get local insurances. However, if I would only stay in a country for 1-3 months I guess there is too much bureaucratic overhead to get local insurances. 
13304	What extra benefits are there in getting travel insurance if I have a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC)?	I've got a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) and only plan to travel around the EU for the foreseeable future. I read another answer that quite nicely covered the details of what the EHIC covers, but I'd like to know if there's any reason to pay for additional travel insurance. If the EHIC gives me equal medical care as I would get in England, what's the point of paying more? Does travel insurance usually provide extra cover that an EHIC won't? 
2328	How to choose a good travel insurance policy?	When looking for travel insurance, there is a dizzying array of companies, policies, plans, restrictions, and conditions. What should a short-term traveler look for in an insurance plan? What things should you watch out for? Are there any companies or plans in particular that are commonly recommended for travelers?  Edit: To make this more specific, I'm looking for a general travel insurance policy for a single traveler in good health traveling for a few weeks to a few months. It should be comprehensive enough to cover basically any medical issue that could arise while traveling in most parts of the world. I know there are hundreds of plans that fit this criteria, so my question is: are there any major aspects that set some plans apart from others, or are they basically all the same? Are there a few companies that are frequently highly recommended for travelers, or is there not much difference between the companies out there? 
46754	For a Schengen visa, is attending a summer school a touristic or study purpose?	I will be attending a summer school which will last 10 days.  I want to know: for applying for a Schengen visa, is the purpose of my trip considered as touristic or study? 
46757	Transit visa through Lisbon	I hold Ghana passport with visas for both UK and USA. Do I need airside transit visa through Lisbon (3 hours transit) to the UK and USA? 
46783	Tatkal automatically cancel	I have ckwl ticket booked online which is not yet confirmed. Will this ticket be automatically cancelled and amount would be returned or I need to cancel this ticket myself and get the refund. 
46746	How do I get a self-addressed envelope from Canada to USA?	I had a consul general within the US verify my citizenship, and such verification must follow by a motivated conclusion (мотивированное заключение;) they claim that in order for me to receive it, I must send them a pre-paid self-addressed envelope. I would like to use such conclusion in order to be able to apply for a passport at another consulate, without having to go through the whole process of citizenship verification all over again.  The problem: I'm visiting Canada and need to send them this self-addressed envelope from Canada, where I can't buy US stamps. Sending a self-addressed envelope from within the US of A, you just buy two stamps from USPS (one to send your envelope in, the other for the sender to get it back to you. Is it possible to send a self-addressed envelope from Canada to the United States, in order to get it back to Canada? 
46791	No-pictures buildings in Japan (shooting from street forbidden by law)	I often take pictures of buildings. Usually without knowing what the building is.  QUESTION: Are there buildings in Japan that it is forbidden by law to take pictures of? If yes, which ones?   Bonus for answers that cite laws/decrees as a reference, rather than speculation. This question is about law, not about etiquette. My pictures never include any humans: I pay special attention to only take buildings. This question is only about pictures taken from the street sidewalk, not in shops/etc. I am not using a flash.   Example for the UK: Under the law of the United Kingdom one cannot prevent photography of private property from a public place, except two places defined by law.    My question is different from Taking photos in Japan because:   My question is about buildings shot from the street. The question there is very general, and the answer is mostly about taking pictures of people, or inside shops. My question asks for official laws/decrees. The question there is about etiquette and local-customs, which is very different: its goal is politeness. My goal is to not end up in jail.  
46809	What's the difference in regulations for 5-year vs. 10-year passport in Russia?	What is the difference in the regulations for a 5-year old-style laminated passport, vs. 10-year new-style biometric one?  For example, as per How long should it take to get a Russian passport?, the regulations that establish both, seem to be separate documents, but with largely identical paragraphs, but with different enumeration of each point within each section as they go further down the line.  Additionally, it seems like one is only available from kdmid.ru, whereas the other only from mid.ru, both in slightly different formats, making it complicated to do the comparison for the nuanced differences.    5-year old-style laminated passport  МИД РФ Приказ от 28 июня 2012 г. № 10303    10-year new-style biometric passport  МИД РФ Приказ от 19 марта 2014 г. № 3744 
46810	Will Amtrak honor a saver ticket from an earlier station when other saver tickets are sold out?	I'm buying a train ticket on the long-distance Amtrak Empire Builder train that runs Chicago-Milwaukee-...-St. Paul-...  I'm traveling from Milwaukee to St. Paul. All the saver tickets are sold out. Value tickets are sold out for Milwaukee-St. Paul, but not for Chicago-St. Paul. This means it cheaper to buy a ticket from Chicago and just get on the train at it's second stop in Milwaukee.  I found this similar question Can you get on an Amtrak train at a later station?, which notes I need to change my ticket after purchase. It doesn't address the possibility of a fare increase, is there a possibility that Amtrak would charge me extra and make me change my Chicago-Milwaukee-Minneapolis value ticket into a Milwaukee-St Paul flexible ticket? 
46818	Do I need transit visa?	I am trying to book a ticket for my sister to come visit me in Canada. She is Belarussian (belarua) but has a visitor visa for Canada. On way back to Belarus she is flying Halifax to London and then London to Vienna and then Vienna to Minsk. My concern does she need a transit visa in London if she staying at the airport for 6 hours till her next flight? 
46803	Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba?	Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba? Please explain any differences between traveling for tourism or other reasons. 
46821	How to get to Mendocino CA from Seattle?	Options I know of are driving there, or flying to someplace where one might rent a car, and then driving. The closest place I know I can fly to is San Francisco, which is about 4 hours' drive away. I see there are little airports near or in Mendocino... is it possible to schedule a flight there? At reasonable expense? Or is Oakland and/or driving self the best way? 
46846	Long-term visit visa for Dubai	I applied for a 90-day visa and got a long-term visit, single-entry tourist visa. The date given is 09-March-2015, and it's valid until 07-May-2015.  My agent says the 7th is the latest date I can travel to Dubai; once I enter I need to count 90 days. I entered on the 10th of March.    Is it true, or where can I get it checked?    Can I stay for another month, or do I need to leave before the 7th of May? 
46843	Schengen Visa - 2 Entries - 60 Days	I got Schengen visa for my study course in Sweden which is valid between 12-Oct-14 and 08-JUN-15. The number of entries is 02 and number of days are 60. I spent 31 days during my first stay between 12 October and 11 November (both inclusive). I entered Sweden again on 23rd April. Do I have 29 days left or are they 60 since more than 6 months have passed since my first entry and the days are rolled over?  In case the visa is valid for only 29 days for this entry, I want to know how can I extend it being in Sweden? I have the supporting documents for 7 more days from the university and then I want to visit a few cities for tourism purposes. Please advise how to go about it and who to contact for extending the visa. 
46855	Can a US citizen entering the EU in Germany travel through Switzerland without further ado?	My girlfriend is a U.S. citizen and I'm taking her on a trip through Germany (I'm German). She will enter the EU at Frankfurt airport as a tourist. During our trip, we want to go to Lake Constance, where I'd like to go around the lake which means we'll be briefly in Austria and Switzerland. Austria is of course no problem, as it is part of the EU. What about Switzerland? Can she enter Switzerland without further ado, or is there something we need to do beforehand? 
46860	Is it possible to apply for Russian passport by mail/internet in North America?	There is a limited number of Russian consulates across the vast territory of North America, and it would be quite inconvenient to have to attend one of them in person for passport renewal, especially since at least some of them appear to require lengthy prior appointments.  Is there perhaps any way to apply for a Russian passport by mail or over the internet, when abroad?  I recall seeing some info on the SF web-site that mail applications were discontinued (this info has since been removed, it appears), is there any information why and when it was discontinued?  It seems like the present regulations might require in-person appearance, but it's somewhat difficult to track when such regulations were introduced and what were the prior ones.  Does federal law cover this at all?  It seems like Федеральный закон № 114-ФЗ от 15 августа 1996 г. says the following:     Паспорт оформляется гражданину Российской Федерации по его письменному заявлению о выдаче паспорта, поданному лично, через его законного представителя или в форме электронного документа с использованием информационно-телекоммуникационных сетей общего пользования, в том числе сети Интернет, включая единый портал государственных и муниципальных услуг   Is there any way to construe USPS or FedEx/UPS as one's legal representative?  Or how does one make the whole application through the internet and/or mail?  Are there perhaps any other developments for a more speedy passport issuance than the personal attendance plus the three months for processing? 
46860	Is it possible to apply for Russian passport by mail/internet in North America?	There is a limited number of Russian consulates across the vast territory of North America, and it would be quite inconvenient to have to attend one of them in person for passport renewal, especially since at least some of them appear to require lengthy prior appointments.  Is there perhaps any way to apply for a Russian passport by mail or over the internet, when abroad?  I recall seeing some info on the SF web-site that mail applications were discontinued (this info has since been removed, it appears), is there any information why and when it was discontinued?  It seems like the present regulations might require in-person appearance, but it's somewhat difficult to track when such regulations were introduced and what were the prior ones.  Does federal law cover this at all?  It seems like Федеральный закон № 114-ФЗ от 15 августа 1996 г. says the following:     Паспорт оформляется гражданину Российской Федерации по его письменному заявлению о выдаче паспорта, поданному лично, через его законного представителя или в форме электронного документа с использованием информационно-телекоммуникационных сетей общего пользования, в том числе сети Интернет, включая единый портал государственных и муниципальных услуг   Is there any way to construe USPS or FedEx/UPS as one's legal representative?  Or how does one make the whole application through the internet and/or mail?  Are there perhaps any other developments for a more speedy passport issuance than the personal attendance plus the three months for processing? 
46817	Schengen visa - changing accomodations after interview	Background: I will be traveling to Italy (main destination) and France (3 days) in July. I have an interview at the Italian consulate for the Schengen visa next week. We plan to stay with friends in France. My friend has put in an application for a letter of invitation at the city hall in her area. At the moment we don't know if I will receive the letter from France in time, before the interview. The Italian consulate requirements are confusing. Previous phone call they said to carry the letter in person and today they said I could fax it. Regardless, I have less than a week before it gets approved and sent to me.  In the meanwhile I have booked refundable accommodations at a local hotel for the short stay in France.   My question to you is will it be OK to change accommodations from hotel to staying at my friend's place (assuming the letter arrives after my Schengen visa interview)? I will be carrying the letter with me as evidence.  But I am not sure if there is any endorsement/stamping by the Italian consulate for the french letter of invite.   The basis for my question is this excerpt from consulfrance-houston:     This certificate must be obtained at the City Hall by the person you are visiting in France. It is a compulsory requirement for people applying for a visa to visit family or friends. Be advised that you must provide the original certificate as it needs to be officially stamped and might be presented at the border in France.   Since I am not trying to fraud, would this change in accommodation with accompanying evidence be OK? 
46866	State department has my passport, I want to go to Canada while they do	My passport was due to expire in November, and we're traveling to SE Asia this summer, so we sent it in to be renewed.  They've rejected my photo, so we have to send a new one delaying its return.  We're supposed to go to Canada (from US) for a friend's birthday weekend after next and don't know if it'll be back by then.    Is it possible to travel to Canada &amp; back w/o your passport? 
46870	Gifts to take from US to Sweden	My daughter is staying with Swedish relatives before a school study abroad trip.  I want to send a few gifts with her for them.  So many sites say to bring local food, but I read that you can't bring food into Sweden except from EU nations.     I need ideas for boys who are 17 &amp; 20.  Would they like tshirts from American universities? Couple in their 70s who just downsized. Couple in their 40s.  (This type of question was asked on this site just last summer, but food was the main answer.) 
46884	Personal vacation/Tourism on EU blue card	I have Germany residence permit i.e. Blue card and a valid work permit till January 2016.  I am currently in Germany and will be returning to my native country in one month.  I would like to visit few other European countries in August, however port of entry will be Germany. Do I need separate tourist visa?   My Nationality is Indian, and I am traveling 2-3 times in a year on Deputation for work to Germany on Blue card. Whenever I travel from India to Germany I will have my deputation letter.   However in case of personal vacation there will not be any work related deputation letter.   I am very sure about that after leaving from Germany my Blue card still will be valid. Any pointers towards any helpline related to visa will be helpful as well. 
46890	Cities close to Stockholm to visit in a day	Next summer I will be in Stockholm for 6 days , during one of these days I want to enjoy some city which is no more than 2-3 hours by train from Stockholm. Nice cities to visit? and what to see? I had thought Uppsala, Falun or ? 
46900	Wrong card holder entry	What will happen if i write a wrong CARD HOLDER name when buying a plane ticket?  With my brother in-laws consent, I used his credit card to buy a plane ticket. For Card Holder, I put  The Bank Name instead of his name. But the purchase was successful and he received notification of the purchase. Does this error affect checking in during travel? 
46921	Living in Canada - quick USA trips?	I live in Vancouver on a working holiday visa, from Australia. I got a waiver form to go to the states, but just went for a day at the beginning of the year. This was the 90 day waiver and then "expired" in the beginning of April. I want to go to Seattle for the long weekend and Disneyland in July. Do I have to get a different visa? Or can I renew my visa waiver that was the 90 day one? If I renew it how?  
46905	Traveling via Dubai without Visa	I want to go to Tehran from New York. I have separate ticket. New York to Dubai and Dubai to Tehran. Both from Emirates with 23 hours distance. I have an Iranian passport I don't have any luggage. Should I take Visa? I have only two days remaining and impossible to take visa. I don't want to leave the airport I just want to be at airside to do my next flight Can I follow Check in process on airside?  Both my flight are in the same terminal - terminal 3. 
46990	Travel in Schengen countries on Visa Valid for Deutschland and Type D	I have Visa which i got from German Embassy in India. it says  Valid for : Deutschland, Type of Visa: D, Number of entries: MULT, Valid for Stay: 90, 6 months Visa.  I have not traveled on this Visa before. mean I never stayed in Germany on this visa, my concern is, do I need to stay there for some time before travelling to other countries. Or is it OK to travel?  Now I need to visit 2-3 Schengen countries for tourism purpose. So in my expected travel, transit is from Munich.  Can I travel on this Visa to Paris, Belgium and Vienna? 
46774	Renting a flat in Montenegro	I want to rent a flat in Montenegro for 2 persons for about one month. Is there any problem I should be aware of (I heard in some countries you need to have a job or local bank account to rent a flat).  Also, what would be a good site for renting a flat in Montenegro (in the bay of Kotor)? 
46988	Re-entering Schengen	I am currently working as a teacher in Spain and have a 1 year residency permit that expires June 30th. I was planning a trip to Croatia, which is not in Schengen, and flying back into Madrid on June 30th and flying back to the US on July 2nd.  Will I have problems entering Spain on the day my visa expires, or will I be able to re-enter on a tourist visa (as in the 90 days you're allowed to be in Schengen without a long-stay visa)?  In addition, I will be flying to Greece in July - does anyone know if I will have problems entering Greece since I have technically been in Schengen for around a year without having left for 3 months?  Anyone have any experience with this? All the rules seem very confusing! 
46988	Re-entering Schengen	I am currently working as a teacher in Spain and have a 1 year residency permit that expires June 30th. I was planning a trip to Croatia, which is not in Schengen, and flying back into Madrid on June 30th and flying back to the US on July 2nd.  Will I have problems entering Spain on the day my visa expires, or will I be able to re-enter on a tourist visa (as in the 90 days you're allowed to be in Schengen without a long-stay visa)?  In addition, I will be flying to Greece in July - does anyone know if I will have problems entering Greece since I have technically been in Schengen for around a year without having left for 3 months?  Anyone have any experience with this? All the rules seem very confusing! 
47007	Can I bring a skillet with me as a carry-on item?	My suitcases are very small (smaller than the maximum dimensions allowed for carry-on items), so I can't put my skillet inside and check the suitcase. I wonder if it is possible to take the skillet with me as a carry-on item. The skillet has a box.  Oh also, this is for an international flight to the US.   EDIT: Based on the list of forbidden items, it doesn't seem skillets are forbidden...   Toy or replica guns (plastic or metal). Knives with blades more than 6cm. Lighter top-up fuel (passengers are allowed to carry one disposable lighter in a clear re-sealable plastic bag). Razor blades. Scissors - specifically, blades measuring greater than 6cm in length. Hypodermic syringes (unless supported by medical evidence). Builder's tools. Hammers, nails or screw-drivers. Darts. Sporting bats. Billiard, snooker or pool cues. Catapults and sling-shots. Umbrellas - unless foldable. Acid. Explosives Gas cartridges, or gas cartridge re-fills. Paint. Lighter fuel. Mercury. Restraining Items - such as, handcuffs, fishing line or restraining tape.  
47034	Travel within EU Schengen area with lost residence permit card abroad	A friend in Prague just contacted me asking the possibility of traveling back to Italy. He is Pakistani passport holder and lives in Italy on student residence permit. He was traveling in Prague where somebody has stolen his documents and credit cards and also the residence permit. He has already filed a theft report of residence permit and other documents with local police in Prague.  Now, he wants to travel back to Italy. He has a flight back to Italy tomorrow booked with Czech airlines. So, what do you guys suggest about traveling within Schengen area with lost residence permit? 
47042	Canadian Permanent Resident with Pakistan Passport, do I need a transit visa for Zurich airport	With a Pakistan passport and Canadian Permanent Residence I am travelling from Abu Dhabi to Calgary Canada with 4 hours layover at Zurich airport. Do I need a transit visa at Zurich airport. 
47020	Travel to Italy Via Germany Using US Refugee Travel Document	I am leaving for a trip to Italy with a layover in Germany. I know that I don't need a visa for Germany, but would I be able to transfer into Italy without a Visa? I would have gotten it earlier, but my travel document was just issued and my flight is 5 days of the date of issue. I did try to go the the Italian consulate and he refused to even look at my application considering the amount of time needed to process it. I was born in Vietnam, but being a refugee, doesn't that mean I am stateless? So lost. My flight was booked by a friend to help out with a photoshoot.   Does Italy issue visa on arrival or will I be flat-out rejected at boarding?  
47048	Travel protection bag OK at airport?	I have a travel protection bag in which my whole suitcase fits. It's just a nylon zippered suitcase-size bag with a handle; when the suitcase is in it the whole thing just looks just like a lumpy duffel bag. Someone suggested that the airlines would not like it because    the wheels and handle do not stick out, so that baggage handlers can't use them, and  it's one more thing to unzip if the customs wants to search my baggage en route.    Are either of these objections valid? As for (1), the hiding of the wheels and handles is one plus for me, because I have had damage to the handles of my suitcases en route. As for (2), I like the bag because I don't lock the zips on the suitcase, so the bag makes sure that things don't accidentally fall out. Yes, I know about the plastic wrapping, but not all airports have it, and you have to pay for it when they do. So, should I use my luggage protection bag?  
47043	Passenger Name - Flight Booking Passenger only have First Name in Passport	I have bought Delhi-London return flights for 4 on Saudi Airlines. 2 of the passengers only have ‘First name’ in their passports, hence i have used the same in ‘First Name’ and ‘Last Name’ while booking the tickets, as that is generally a common practice suggested by many airlines.  Saudi Airlines do not mention anything about this situation on their website and when i called their UK helpline, they were not very sure  Do you see travelers encountering any problem at airport because of this? 
46946	What happens when an airline carries a passenger with the wrong classification of visa?	Unknown to the passenger, the embassy had issued the wrong classification of visa and this was not noticed by the airline resulting in the immigration officer refusing entry.  The classification should have been for a tourist visa but a crew visa was issued.  This was therefore an obviously noticeable error that the airline would and should have known about but the passenger was not even aware of.  The visa was issued to a British national by the Chinese embassy in London U.K. Finnair flight from London Heathrow to Chongqing China via Helsinki. Permitted entry into China for only 72 hours. This happened over Easter when Chinese Embassy in Hong Kong was closed. Passenger suffered extra travel, hotel, food and clothing costs as well as distress by having to divert to Bali. Is carrier responsible to reimburse? Is there any further information that you need?   @HenningMakholm  @Relaxed  @Gayot Fow  @Gagravarr  @Tom    CLARIFICATION:   The visa was issued for 30 days stay after entry. However a ‘crew visa’ only allows a 72 hour stay. Passenger did not know a ‘crew visa’ was issued instead of a ‘tourist visa’. Airline did not check or did not notice that the visa was wrong. Chinese officials did not query the error with the airline. The passenger saw visa had 30 day entry permitted and did not know anything was wrong. The category of visa entered in the passport is identified only by a single letter and not a word. The tourist visa category should have been identified with the letter ‘L’. Instead, in error, the letter ‘C’ was entered identifying it as a crew visa. Surely the airline has some responsibility as they would be very familiar with the initials that identify the visa category and would have known the passenger was not crew.  If a business visa or a work visa was issued by mistake instead, the airline may not be able to see it was wrong but they should know that something was wrong when a crew visa is issued for a 30 day stay.  Your valued opinions would be appreciated. 
47048	Travel protection bag OK at airport?	I have a travel protection bag in which my whole suitcase fits. It's just a nylon zippered suitcase-size bag with a handle; when the suitcase is in it the whole thing just looks just like a lumpy duffel bag. Someone suggested that the airlines would not like it because    the wheels and handle do not stick out, so that baggage handlers can't use them, and  it's one more thing to unzip if the customs wants to search my baggage en route.    Are either of these objections valid? As for (1), the hiding of the wheels and handles is one plus for me, because I have had damage to the handles of my suitcases en route. As for (2), I like the bag because I don't lock the zips on the suitcase, so the bag makes sure that things don't accidentally fall out. Yes, I know about the plastic wrapping, but not all airports have it, and you have to pay for it when they do. So, should I use my luggage protection bag?  
47061	Can I carry more luggage volumes with the same weight	I'm looking for information about how many items of luggage may I carry.  Normally the airline companies say for example:     The passenger can carry 2 items of luggage with a total of 30 kg.    If I travel with my partner and she carries more than 30 kg and I don't. Will we be charged for the extra weight?  Is it a problem to carry 3 items that are each 10 kg for example? Will the company charge me for the extra item? 
47075	Are there any hostels in Iran?	Throughout Europe and the major cities in the Caucasus it is pretty easy to find Hostels/Backpackers. These are great places to relax and meet other travellers, a home away from home, to use the cliché.  So I was wondering if anyone out there had come across a little hostel somewhere in Iran? 
47075	Are there any hostels in Iran?	Throughout Europe and the major cities in the Caucasus it is pretty easy to find Hostels/Backpackers. These are great places to relax and meet other travellers, a home away from home, to use the cliché.  So I was wondering if anyone out there had come across a little hostel somewhere in Iran? 
47080	how long can i reapply UK general visa after refusal	I am from Nigeria and i'm doing a one year Internship program with The Marriott hotel in Wisconsin, i applied for the UK visitor visa two weeks ago to visit my fiance who lives and work in the UK,but i was refused the visa because the letter of my work place that i provided was back dated of 2014 which they say they are not satisfy it accurately reflects my current employment circumstance,i also provided my pay slips,but the said they are not satisfied it demonstrate the terms and conditions of my employment, and the also said i did not presented no evidence to satisfy me i have sufficient strong ties and commitments in my country of habitual residence or elsewhere to motivate my timely departure from the  UK.The documents my fiance presented they said it was ok 
47081	travelling with my personal laptop, ipad and my reader	I am traveling to India (on Indian passport but I live in US) with my 2 kids and have my personal laptop, iPad and a reader. Am I supposed to pay duty on these items ?   
47085	Schengen visa from Germany but spending the majority of my time in Italy	I am scheduled to participate and perform in a music festival in Italy. However, I will be entering Germany ( munich) and staying there for a couple days before taking the train to Italy. I tried to obtain a VISA from the Italian consulate at first, but there is no available appointment. Therefore, I made an appointment with the German Consulate instead and trying to obtain my VISA from there. Do you think this is going to work?  
47107	Do I need DATV - Indian citizen travelling from US to Europe via London	I researched this community for a matching situation like mine but did not find any, so postig this question. I am Indian citizen living in US and I am in the last stage of green card process(adjustment of status pending, I-485 applied). Based on that I have advance parole (I-131), which is a travel document I use when going on short visits to India or any other country. My H visa is expired.   I have a Europe trip planned and have a layover in Hethrow for about 5 hours. Do I need a DATV (Direct Airside transit visa) or am I exempted from the UK transit vise requirements? Please let me know at the earliest. I did not find anyone in the same status situation like me, so kind of worried. I already started the UK transit visa process but then realized that I will have to send the passport to British consulate in NY and I also need the passport for my Schengen visa appointment and so can not send my passport with the application, Please let me know your suggestions. My trip starts on May 22nd.  Thank you, NNK 
47129	UK Visa Refusal: Can I Reapply and What Should I Change? What Documents Should I Use?	The Decision        you have applied for entry clearance for 10 days to visit your uncle and for tourism. In support of your application, you have submitted a letter from him inviting you, a copy of his British passport and evidence of his employment and income.   you have submitted a letter from your father, #####, and he states that he will be supporting you during your stay. In support of your father's circumstances you have submitted a Bank statement in his name. However, I am not satisfied that these  documents alone demonstrate your father's personal circumstances in Ghana. I am unable to determine from the documents where the Funds in his bank account originate from. As a result, I am not satisfied that the funds in this account are under his exclusive control for the purpose of your visit, nor am I satisfied that this provides an accurate reflection of his financial circumstances. I am therefore not satisfied that your father can find your visit as claimed.   the onus is upon you to qualify for entry clearance in your own right and I have to be satisfied as to your own circumstances . You have stated you are a student and you receive money from savings and investments and friends and family. You have submitted a bank statement in your name with your application and I note it contains some large deposits. From the documents submitted I am unable to determine the origin of these funds and as a result, I am not satisfied that your circumstances are as claimed.   in light of this I cannot be satisfied that your personal circumstances are as indicated in your application or that you have adequate funds available to you for the purpose of your visit. I am therefore not satisfied that you are a genuine visitor to the United Kingdom or that you intend to leave at the end of your proposed visit. Nor am I satisfied that you can be adequately maintained from funds of your own of from a third party or that you can meet the cost of your return or onward journey. 41(i)(ii)(vi)(vii)         I have therefore refused your application because I am not satisfied, on the balance of probabilities, that you meet all of the requirements of the relevant paragraph of the United Kingdom immigration rules.   Can I Reapply and What Should I Change? What Documents Should I Use? 
47180	Refused entry to UK, not sure what to do	I'm a writer and theater/film director who has been traveling nearly all my life without incident. In February, I decided to pull up stakes in NYC and move to London. I am a freelancer and I'm working with three different organizations in NYC so I wasn't working illegally in the UK. I was, however, seeing if there might be some opportunities in London, ie. meeting with Artistic Directors of various theatre companies to see if they might be interested in producing my work.   In April, I was invited to a conference in San Diego and then a film festival in Switzerland. I didn't think it would be a problem if I went and then bummed around in France for a few days since I hadn't broken any laws and had left the UK well under my six month leave to stay. Well, when I tried to return to London, I was denied entry at Luton. The border control officer said I didn't have enough funds for a two month stay and put a black cross over a stamp in my passport. They put me in a detention room until the next flight back to Lyon, which was the following morning. I don't know anyone in Lyon so I ended up going to a friend's place in Paris.   After a few days of not knowing what to do, a friend suggested that perhaps I should try going back to London on the Eurostar since border control is in Paris. I wondered if I ought to go to the British Embassy but was deterred by something on their website that says that a visitors visa could take up to three weeks (I can't sit around here in Paris for three weeks) and anyway, the decision ultimately is with the border control, so I decided to take a chance on the Eurostar. I bought myself a return ticket in two weeks to Paris just so I had something to show.   Well, the UK border control denied me entry after giving me a third degree. They accused me of lying and seeking work in the UK. They also insisted that the amount of money I had was not enough to live on for two weeks. So I'm back at my friend's place in Paris, wondering what to do.   Is it possible for me to ever get back to the UK? I had to cancel one meeting and I'm wondering if I have to cancel going to the Sheffield DocFest. (Two of my projects were accepted to programs there.)   Should I apply for a visa from the British Embassy? Will this really take three weeks? When I started to say something about obtaining a visa, the border control officer cut me off and said, "Why are you going to the Embassy? This has nothing to do with the Embassy. We make the decisions."  
47173	Is Indian food easily available in European countries?	Me and my parents will be visiting several European countries for tourism purposes. I will be visiting the following areas:  Paris, Milan, Florence, Pisa, Rome, Venice, Innsbruck and Munich.  While I always like to try new foods, my parents don't like to eat anything but Indian food.  So my question is: How easily is Indian food accessible in these areas?   And: Are those places (if any) cheap? Because in my country (India) a normal lunch per person in a reasonably good restaurant costs around Rs. 200, which is about 3 euros roughly.  
47201	Is a visa required to tour Amsterdam via KLM flight?	We are travelling to USA by KLM flight and have a halt at Amsterdam. If we wish to tour Amsterdam for 3-4 days, will we be requiring a Schengen Visa? 
47206	Accompanied child visa returning alone	My nephew and his mother travelled to the UK on family visitor visa. My nephew has accompanied child visa with his mother's details on it. Does anyone know if there would be any issue if he were to travel alone back home while his mother travels separately ? The airline (Emirates) accepts children his age (13). We will book young people service where in Emirates staff will accompany him through the process.   He will be travelling via Gatwick airport. Anyone have similar experiences of child travelling back alone while on accompanied minor visa  This question is different from Uk child visitor visa. My question is specific to travelling back home (from the UK) alone when on accompanied visa  Thanks 
47213	Is UK Transit Visa required?	I am returning to Ukraine from Canada in August, requiring a 1 night layover at Heathrow (I have booked at  Sofitel).  I am British Airway both flights, going through Terminal 5.  Do I need any kind of UK visa to layover (I have Ukrainian passport and a Canadian visitor visa) 
47211	Visa-free travel to South Korea for Filipino citizens holding an Australian visa	I've heard that you can travel to South Korea without a visa if you have an Australian visa and your flight is bound to/from that country. I plan to do this to travel from the Philippines to South Korea (flying on Korean Air) and my final destination will be Australia. Will it work?   I'm a citizen of the Philippines.  I've found a link on Korea's official government website (Transit tourists bound for another country section) but not sure if you have from &amp; to travel these 5 countries.  
47193	Do I need a transit visa travelling from Pakistan (Lahore) via Turkey (Istanbul) to Germany (Stuttgart)?	I am a Pakistani National and have Pakistani passport, also having UAE Resident ID and Schengen Visa on my Passport. I will be travelling from Pakistan (Lahore) via Turkey (Istanbul) to Germany (Stuttgart). My transit time is not more than 4 hours at Turkey Airport both while arriving and departing and I will not be leaving the Airport. Do I need Transit Visa of Turkey? 
47219	Travelling back to India with a phone purchased (and unboxed) in Netherlands	I am in Netherlands on tourist visa and wanted to buy a iPhone and go back to India. I would claiming the VAT return at Amsterdam Airport but do I need to declare in India and do I need to pay the duty??  I will be using this phone so this phone wont be sealed packed. 
47230	What should be my expectations for airfare to France?	I live in the US and want to plan a trip to France. It would take place either during a summer or possibly next April. When I search for airfares, what should my expectations be? What counts as a good deal? 
47190	Vietnamese visa extension	I recently found out, I made the mistake of assuming I could easily and cheaply extend my one month visa in Vietnam.  The travel agency quotes I've received range from $110-$300. This sounds insane to me because the extension stamp (for a one month extension) is only $10. On top of that its double the $55 I paid for my original visa. Unfortunately, I cannot go to immigration and do it myself.  I am interested to see if anyone knows a cheaper way to extend my visa? 
47256	travel to United States of America with codeine	Can I take over the counter medicine that contain codeine into United States of America 
40026	Safest way to transport a laptop during flight	I flew a long range flight carrying my laptop, a quite heavy one, inside a neoprene briefcase in the passenger cabin. The recommendation by the aircrew was to place it in the overhead compartment or under the seat in front of me. However, during take-off and landing, the vibrations on the plane are quite strong and, as a result, it received minor damage.   Placing them in the overhead compartment might be equivalent to placing it on the floor under the seat, with the added issue of additional luggage in the compartment shifting.  I considered the alternative of holding the laptop by the handle while sitting, so it won't be any contact with the aircraft's floor. This is impracticable during cruise, but I thought it could be better during the take-off and landing segments. Another option I considered is to wrap it with completely with bubble wrap before boarding the plane.   Which is the safest way to transport a laptop during flight? 
47255	Traveling to Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore on Canadian Passport without tourist visa	I am going on an Asia Tour. I have a Canadian passport.   Do I need any visa for going there? Do I need a return ticket as well to enter there? can I use a one way ticket to Malaysia and also buy a one way ticket to Singapore. Would this work?  
47262	Is advance booking required for ferries from China to South Korea	We already have a question about prices of ferries from China to South Korea, my question is can I just show up at the port and buy a ticket for the same-day ferry or do I have to book it in advanced?   I usually never know when I arrive somewhere or in this case when I will be ready to leave China, so ideally I don't want to make any advanced bookings except when the prices are significantly cheaper.  I don't have a vehicle and I don't know yet which of the ferry routes I will use. 
47263	Is advanced booking required for ferries from South Korea to Japan	We already have a question about ferries from South Korea to Japan, but my question is can I just show up at the port and buy a ticket for the same-day ferry or do I have to book it in advanced?   I usually never know when I arrive somewhere or in this case when I will be ready to leave Korea, so ideally I don't want to make any advanced bookings except when the prices are significantly cheaper.  I don't have a vehicle and I don't know yet which of the ferry routes I will use. 
47263	Is advanced booking required for ferries from South Korea to Japan	We already have a question about ferries from South Korea to Japan, but my question is can I just show up at the port and buy a ticket for the same-day ferry or do I have to book it in advanced?   I usually never know when I arrive somewhere or in this case when I will be ready to leave Korea, so ideally I don't want to make any advanced bookings except when the prices are significantly cheaper.  I don't have a vehicle and I don't know yet which of the ferry routes I will use. 
47257	Rental car from Dublin to Scotland and return	Can you hire a Rental car in Dublin, travel to Scotland,  and return the car to Dublin (the trip would be about a week). 
47272	Doing both business and pleasure activities on a pure B1 visa	I applied for a B1/B2 US visa to take the Usmle step 2 CS exam. But I was only given a pure B1 visa. It really surprised me coz taking an exam doesn't really fit the description of a business purpose at least based from the B1 visa definitions I've read. Or does it? So my question is if I go to US on a pure B1 to take the exam? Can I also say I plan to visit some friends after the exam while I am already there? Is that allowed? 
47279	Scientific short stay work (Schengen) visa in France but enter Italy first?	I have a Schengen visa issued by France which is type C short stay scientific work visa (visa stamp has remark: scientific researcher), But i am looking to enter italy (Rome) and drive to France. Would that be a problem (1) from entry point of view at Rome airport on Schengen short stay (but not tourism) visa, (2) traveling in Italy on Schengen short stay (but not tourism visa) point of view.  Any suggestion/comment will be helpful.  EDIT: I am planning on traveling to Italy for tourism for 3 days before my work in France starts and I was warned by visa interviewer that traveling to Italy for tourism on work visa can result in denied entry to Italy. I am an Indian national traveling from US to Europe.  
47279	Scientific short stay work (Schengen) visa in France but enter Italy first?	I have a Schengen visa issued by France which is type C short stay scientific work visa (visa stamp has remark: scientific researcher), But i am looking to enter italy (Rome) and drive to France. Would that be a problem (1) from entry point of view at Rome airport on Schengen short stay (but not tourism) visa, (2) traveling in Italy on Schengen short stay (but not tourism visa) point of view.  Any suggestion/comment will be helpful.  EDIT: I am planning on traveling to Italy for tourism for 3 days before my work in France starts and I was warned by visa interviewer that traveling to Italy for tourism on work visa can result in denied entry to Italy. I am an Indian national traveling from US to Europe.  
47287	Where can I spend time in an anechoic chamber?	Acoustic anechoic chambers are enclosed spaces which are highly isolated from outside noise sources and also highly absorbent to any noise produced inside.  The one at Orfield Laboratories in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA is in the Guinness Book of World Records as the quietest place on Earth.  There is an urban legend that spending more than 30 minutes in one will drive you crazy.  I realize that I can probably peek into some of the research facilities, but I would like to test my sanity against one.  By this I mean that I would like to spend up to 1 hour alone inside of a reasonably well constructed chamber, but is doesn't have to be at the level of quality of 'the quietest place on Earth'.    Is it possible, as a tourist, to visit an anechoic chamber where one can experience acoustic deprivation for up to an hour?  I am interested in locations anywhere in the world.      Related question: Where is the quietest place on Earth? 
47285	Use of scientific visa (schengen short stay scientist work visa issued by France) for tourism related travel to italy	I have a Schengen visa issued by France which is type C short stay scientific work visa (visa stamp has remark: scientific researcher), But i am looking to enter italy (Rome) for 3 day long tourism and then drive to France. Would that be a problem (1) from entry point of view at Rome airport on Schengen short stay (but not tourism) visa, (2) traveling in Italy on Schengen short stay (but not tourism visa) point of view.  Any suggestion/comment will be helpful.  Further details: I am planning on traveling to Italy for tourism for 3 days before my work in France starts and I was warned by visa interviewer that traveling to Italy for tourism on work visa can result in denied entry to Italy. But she issued me the visa anyway that starts 3 days earlier from my work start date after looking at my hotels booking in Italy. I am an Indian national traveling from US to Europe. 
47285	Use of scientific visa (schengen short stay scientist work visa issued by France) for tourism related travel to italy	I have a Schengen visa issued by France which is type C short stay scientific work visa (visa stamp has remark: scientific researcher), But i am looking to enter italy (Rome) for 3 day long tourism and then drive to France. Would that be a problem (1) from entry point of view at Rome airport on Schengen short stay (but not tourism) visa, (2) traveling in Italy on Schengen short stay (but not tourism visa) point of view.  Any suggestion/comment will be helpful.  Further details: I am planning on traveling to Italy for tourism for 3 days before my work in France starts and I was warned by visa interviewer that traveling to Italy for tourism on work visa can result in denied entry to Italy. But she issued me the visa anyway that starts 3 days earlier from my work start date after looking at my hotels booking in Italy. I am an Indian national traveling from US to Europe. 
47305	Change of main destination after Schengen visa is issued	I am an indian passport holder. I applied for and got Schengen Visa Type C, from Belgium Embassy with itinerary Italy - Spain - France - Belgium - Italy (maximum stay in France, port of entry and exit: Rome).   Now I wish to change it to Italy - Spain - Italy - Malta - Italy (maximum stay in Spain, port of entry and exit: Rome). If it is possible, how should I go about it?  The initial part of the itinerary and ports of entry and exit are the same. 
47324	Schengen 90/180 rule question	I have a question regarding my specific case and how long I may stay in Europe on my American passport. I am a student and am currently finish a term in London. During the term, I have spent a total of 17 days in the Schengen area (not sure if it's relevant to figuring out the calculation, but the first day I entered was 11th February). On 24th May, I will be entering again and staying until 11th July (49 days). From there I will be traveling to Ireland for about a week, but return to the Schengen area from 19th-28th July (10 days). I will then be spending another week in England. These dates are set in stone due to a variety of reasons that have to do with meeting friends and family in various places. I will be beginning another term in Spain on 30th August, but will of course be able to enter Spain at that time with the visa that I will have obtained.   The question is this: how much of the period from 4th-30th August will I legally be allowed to spend inside the Schengen area? Again, between 11th February and 27th July I will have spent a total of 76 days there. Any help you can give would be extremely helpful. To be clear, I've done a lot of reading here and on other sites to try to find my answer without posing a question myself, but most other Schengen questions seem to be from people who have had to obtain Schengen visas prior to travel, and I'm not sure whether this alters things. Thanks in advance! 
47314	Reusing a Schengen visa for another purpose	I am an Indian citizen and I had visited Poland for a week in April and that Schengen visa  (multiple entry) is valid till end of August. I would like to visit Denmark for a month in June. Can I do that ? I have an invitation from the company in Denmark.  
47314	Reusing a Schengen visa for another purpose	I am an Indian citizen and I had visited Poland for a week in April and that Schengen visa  (multiple entry) is valid till end of August. I would like to visit Denmark for a month in June. Can I do that ? I have an invitation from the company in Denmark.  
47305	Change of main destination after Schengen visa is issued	I am an indian passport holder. I applied for and got Schengen Visa Type C, from Belgium Embassy with itinerary Italy - Spain - France - Belgium - Italy (maximum stay in France, port of entry and exit: Rome).   Now I wish to change it to Italy - Spain - Italy - Malta - Italy (maximum stay in Spain, port of entry and exit: Rome). If it is possible, how should I go about it?  The initial part of the itinerary and ports of entry and exit are the same. 
47314	Reusing a Schengen visa for another purpose	I am an Indian citizen and I had visited Poland for a week in April and that Schengen visa  (multiple entry) is valid till end of August. I would like to visit Denmark for a month in June. Can I do that ? I have an invitation from the company in Denmark.  
44247	Can I apply for a new German Schengen visa, when my first Czech Schengen visa has not expired but only allows me to enter once?	I have a single entry Schengen visa from the Czech embassy in London due from March 22, 2015 to April 12, 2015 and the duration of stay is only 7 days. I planned to stay in the Czech Republic from March 22, 2015 to March 28, 2015 and then fly back to the UK. However, I also want to travel to Germany from April 5, 2015 to April 9, 2015. Could I, at this stage, apply for a new Schengen visa from the German embassy, or should I cancel the Czech visa first and apply for a new one?  I am a Chinese international student but study in the UK. 
44247	Can I apply for a new German Schengen visa, when my first Czech Schengen visa has not expired but only allows me to enter once?	I have a single entry Schengen visa from the Czech embassy in London due from March 22, 2015 to April 12, 2015 and the duration of stay is only 7 days. I planned to stay in the Czech Republic from March 22, 2015 to March 28, 2015 and then fly back to the UK. However, I also want to travel to Germany from April 5, 2015 to April 9, 2015. Could I, at this stage, apply for a new Schengen visa from the German embassy, or should I cancel the Czech visa first and apply for a new one?  I am a Chinese international student but study in the UK. 
47362	Connection from Gatwick airport to Paddington station	What's the quickest way from Gatwick airport to Paddington station? I would like to travel as less as possible, if there is a opportiunity it would be great when there is a direct connection? ( To take a cab is the last thing I'd do ) 
47368	Transport services from Gatwick to London	I would like to travel to London next week but I don’t know exactly how to get from Gatwick airport to London downtown. I was thinking about a transport service like Uber.  I don’t really like to go by train/underground or bus because then I have to change too often. And a cab is probably too expensive. Can anyone give me some information about the situation with transport services? 
47368	Transport services from Gatwick to London	I would like to travel to London next week but I don’t know exactly how to get from Gatwick airport to London downtown. I was thinking about a transport service like Uber.  I don’t really like to go by train/underground or bus because then I have to change too often. And a cab is probably too expensive. Can anyone give me some information about the situation with transport services? 
47368	Transport services from Gatwick to London	I would like to travel to London next week but I don’t know exactly how to get from Gatwick airport to London downtown. I was thinking about a transport service like Uber.  I don’t really like to go by train/underground or bus because then I have to change too often. And a cab is probably too expensive. Can anyone give me some information about the situation with transport services? 
47398	Do I need a visa or something similar to transit through US?	I'm a Vietnamese and holding Canadian permanent resident permanant status. I need to fly to Vietnam through US to visit my family. Can you please let me know: do I need a visa for that? If yes, how can i get it and the cost of it?  
47401	Your travel itinerary: is booking obligatory?	I'm an international student currently living near Chicago. Tomorrow I have an appointment to get a French visa, and I have a question about one of the requirements.  According to them (http://www.consulfrance-chicago.org/spip.php?article657), I'm required to have a travel itinerary: "2. travel itinerary: we recommend you to make a flight reservation and not purchase your airline ticket until you get your visa."  Does this phrase mean that I'm supposed to book a ticket before I show up at the Consulate General, or that it's just a recommendation and all I need is to know my route?  I would call the Consulate General, but they are closed today. 
47393	Traveling inside the U.S. with a tourist visa from 3 years ago	I live in San Diego and I will be traveling to New Jersey next week. I'm not a U.S. Citizen or legal resident. I came here with a tourist visa 3 years ago and haven't gone back to Mexico. I've heard that to travel inside the U.S. you only need a photo ID, but I'm still worried they won't let me board my plane if they see my tourist visa . I don't know if immigration is involved in this process or is it just the people from the airline? Also, in case you only need a photo ID, what other IDs can I show them instead of my passport/visa? I have a college student ID, and a Mexican drivers license.  
47376	Can I register a private visa in Russia without person who invited me?	This summer 2015 I will be travelling to Russia from the United States. A Russian friend invited me, but now he will not be able to be in Russia during our trip. We are considering staying at private apartments through AirBnB, which would require our host to register us. However, this host would obviously not be the person who invited us. Will we have any trouble attempting to register a private visa with someone other than the host on our invitation? 
47401	Your travel itinerary: is booking obligatory?	I'm an international student currently living near Chicago. Tomorrow I have an appointment to get a French visa, and I have a question about one of the requirements.  According to them (http://www.consulfrance-chicago.org/spip.php?article657), I'm required to have a travel itinerary: "2. travel itinerary: we recommend you to make a flight reservation and not purchase your airline ticket until you get your visa."  Does this phrase mean that I'm supposed to book a ticket before I show up at the Consulate General, or that it's just a recommendation and all I need is to know my route?  I would call the Consulate General, but they are closed today. 
47411	What would happen if an invitation letter for Poland is ‘cancelled’?	If someone want to send me an invitation letter from Poland, what is the government institution responsible for that? And he can cancel it during visa process and put me in bad situation? And if I got the visa then he cancels it, will it affect me at the airport? And how can the embassy make sure for that invitation letter? 
47415	Berlin to Göttingen by train - which Berlin station to use?	I am trying to find the station from which I should take a train from Berlin to Göttingen. A similar question does not answer my question.  Now from Bahn Website, I found that from Tegel airport there are lots of trains but there are less from Berlin central station. 
47417	Identification card for foreigners in trains in Germany	I want to go to Berlin to Gottingen by train. I found that to avail of the &ldquo;savings fare&rdquo;, I have to book a ticket at least one day in advance. And I saw a requirement on the Bahn website to have a identification card for online tickets.  I am a foreigner in Germany, so does my passport count as valid identification in German trains? 
47438	do i need esta if i fly in from belgium to the Us? I have an canadian passport	I'm a canadian citizen who lives in Belgium. I would like to visit NY this summer. Do I need to apply for a esta waiver? 
47434	One-way flight much more expensive than double-way: what is the official airlines' explanation?	Interesting questions and answers about how to practically handle that weird situation have been posted here and they helped me learn more about the subject. However I have recently been almost hit by this pricing practice myself when I was about to book a one-way CPH - BLQ Lufthansa flight for 6.500 DKK and then luckily I realized I better buy that same flight as double-way with a return flight that I don't know whether I will use or not, for 1.800 DKK instead of 6.500.  Right now this pricing practice seems beyond ridiculous to me, but before "officially" deeming it ridiculous I would like to understand:  1) How do airlines explain this practice to the public ?  2) Based on what do they argue that customers should not feel ripped off when they buy those one-way tickets instead of double-way ? (I'm just assuming they argue so, but I believe it's a fair assumption because I'm sure that if I ask an airline whether such one-way flights are a rip-off their answer will be along the lines of "No".)  So this is my question. Has anyone heard some airlines addressing any of those 2 points ?  ADDED: 3) Also, based on what do airlines count on people still buying one-way tickets - instead of double-way with a bogus return ticket - except counting on people being unaware of course ? Do airlines exclusively count on people being unaware, or do they offer some other kind of incentive or anything else that is supposed to make people decide to buy expensive one-way tickets instead of cheaper double-way tickets ? 
47434	One-way flight much more expensive than double-way: what is the official airlines' explanation?	Interesting questions and answers about how to practically handle that weird situation have been posted here and they helped me learn more about the subject. However I have recently been almost hit by this pricing practice myself when I was about to book a one-way CPH - BLQ Lufthansa flight for 6.500 DKK and then luckily I realized I better buy that same flight as double-way with a return flight that I don't know whether I will use or not, for 1.800 DKK instead of 6.500.  Right now this pricing practice seems beyond ridiculous to me, but before "officially" deeming it ridiculous I would like to understand:  1) How do airlines explain this practice to the public ?  2) Based on what do they argue that customers should not feel ripped off when they buy those one-way tickets instead of double-way ? (I'm just assuming they argue so, but I believe it's a fair assumption because I'm sure that if I ask an airline whether such one-way flights are a rip-off their answer will be along the lines of "No".)  So this is my question. Has anyone heard some airlines addressing any of those 2 points ?  ADDED: 3) Also, based on what do airlines count on people still buying one-way tickets - instead of double-way with a bogus return ticket - except counting on people being unaware of course ? Do airlines exclusively count on people being unaware, or do they offer some other kind of incentive or anything else that is supposed to make people decide to buy expensive one-way tickets instead of cheaper double-way tickets ? 
47434	One-way flight much more expensive than double-way: what is the official airlines' explanation?	Interesting questions and answers about how to practically handle that weird situation have been posted here and they helped me learn more about the subject. However I have recently been almost hit by this pricing practice myself when I was about to book a one-way CPH - BLQ Lufthansa flight for 6.500 DKK and then luckily I realized I better buy that same flight as double-way with a return flight that I don't know whether I will use or not, for 1.800 DKK instead of 6.500.  Right now this pricing practice seems beyond ridiculous to me, but before "officially" deeming it ridiculous I would like to understand:  1) How do airlines explain this practice to the public ?  2) Based on what do they argue that customers should not feel ripped off when they buy those one-way tickets instead of double-way ? (I'm just assuming they argue so, but I believe it's a fair assumption because I'm sure that if I ask an airline whether such one-way flights are a rip-off their answer will be along the lines of "No".)  So this is my question. Has anyone heard some airlines addressing any of those 2 points ?  ADDED: 3) Also, based on what do airlines count on people still buying one-way tickets - instead of double-way with a bogus return ticket - except counting on people being unaware of course ? Do airlines exclusively count on people being unaware, or do they offer some other kind of incentive or anything else that is supposed to make people decide to buy expensive one-way tickets instead of cheaper double-way tickets ? 
47434	One-way flight much more expensive than double-way: what is the official airlines' explanation?	Interesting questions and answers about how to practically handle that weird situation have been posted here and they helped me learn more about the subject. However I have recently been almost hit by this pricing practice myself when I was about to book a one-way CPH - BLQ Lufthansa flight for 6.500 DKK and then luckily I realized I better buy that same flight as double-way with a return flight that I don't know whether I will use or not, for 1.800 DKK instead of 6.500.  Right now this pricing practice seems beyond ridiculous to me, but before "officially" deeming it ridiculous I would like to understand:  1) How do airlines explain this practice to the public ?  2) Based on what do they argue that customers should not feel ripped off when they buy those one-way tickets instead of double-way ? (I'm just assuming they argue so, but I believe it's a fair assumption because I'm sure that if I ask an airline whether such one-way flights are a rip-off their answer will be along the lines of "No".)  So this is my question. Has anyone heard some airlines addressing any of those 2 points ?  ADDED: 3) Also, based on what do airlines count on people still buying one-way tickets - instead of double-way with a bogus return ticket - except counting on people being unaware of course ? Do airlines exclusively count on people being unaware, or do they offer some other kind of incentive or anything else that is supposed to make people decide to buy expensive one-way tickets instead of cheaper double-way tickets ? 
47449	What are the best ways to travel indefinitely for a non-USA/EU citizen that has a guaranteed monthly income?	I'm a South African citizen with a job that allows me to work from any place that has a internet connection. I want to travel the world and I feel in my current situation that would be possible. I have money saved up but my monthly income is not that high to allow me to live lavishly in a city like Tokyo, for example.   So which countries would be the best to visit? According to Wikipedia (link) I could visit most of South America without a passport, is it worth getting a Schengen or USA visa? Are there any tips for the best way to visit a country, stay for a while, and then continue to the next place, and keep on doing this for as long as possible? 
47449	What are the best ways to travel indefinitely for a non-USA/EU citizen that has a guaranteed monthly income?	I'm a South African citizen with a job that allows me to work from any place that has a internet connection. I want to travel the world and I feel in my current situation that would be possible. I have money saved up but my monthly income is not that high to allow me to live lavishly in a city like Tokyo, for example.   So which countries would be the best to visit? According to Wikipedia (link) I could visit most of South America without a passport, is it worth getting a Schengen or USA visa? Are there any tips for the best way to visit a country, stay for a while, and then continue to the next place, and keep on doing this for as long as possible? 
47472	How to keep chocolate from melting when bringing it for a flight?	I'm thinking of bringing chocolate for my friends in my flight a month from now.  Should I keep it with the check in baggage? Or with my carry on?   Assume that weight isn't an issue - all I need to ensure is to keep it from melting. 
47492	Type C schengen visa overlap	I currently hold Schengen visa type C multiple entries valid for one year (from 10 December 2014 - 09 December 2015). So far I have two entries: 18 December 2014 - 11 January 2015 (25 days) and 25 March 2015 - 21 April 2015 (28 days). The total stay is now 53 days. I believe the half year (180 days) for my visa is at 15 June 2015. Now, I planned to stay in Germany from the 26th of May - 6th of September. That would make 104 days. However, it is an overlap between two half year as my first half year ends on the 15th of June. My question is, is it possible to combine the stays from two half year allowance together? Or is it that I must stay in EU zone for only 90 days with or without the overlap? 
47505	UK transit visa needed to switch airports?	I am a South African passport holder travelling from South Africa to the USA and flying via London. However I am switching from Heathrow to Gatwick, do I require a transit visa. The official Uk visa website is very confusing. Please anyone who has done this comment your findings and experiences. Thanks 
47530	What to do if airline persistently doesn't respond to complaint?	I had a problem with my Lufthansa flights, in my opinion that was completely the airline's fault. At the desk during the day of flights, they (naturally) didn't give me any proper response, just a card with information on where to send complaints. I decided to pursue that, sent a refund request to the email address they had on the card. After to weeks of waiting without a single response apart from the automatically generated "we got your message, this is your issue number, we'll contact you as soon as possible", I decided to send another message to them using the complaint form on their website. I even included the issue number and mentioned that I had been waiting two weeks already. I got another similar automatically generated response right away, then nothing else for another three weeks.  What should I do now? I really don't feel like calling them, as that won't take me anywhere. Is there a place I can complain about an airline apart from suing them? Obviously I'm not looking for any costly ways of pursuing action, I just want to get my well-deserved response.  My situation is similar to this question, where the author was looking to get compensation because of messed up flights. I may or may not be eligible for a compensation, but not getting a response is simply not acceptable. 
47550	What is an Irish biometric visa?	I am a resident in Ireland, I have Garda National Immigration Bureau Registration Card and a visa in my passport for residence/work.   I wanted to fly to Egypt but I need to transit through London, and taking the test found in an answer to the UK transit visa question, it lists a couple items that I might have:        you have a common format residence permit issued by an European Economic Area (EEA) country or Switzerland   a uniform format category D visa for entry into a country in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland   an Irish biometric visa      but I do not know if my work visa qualifies for one of these. How could I determine that? 
46974	Quickest Schengen visa in Atlanta	I have an Indian passport, with F-1 visa living in US. I am travelling to India via Europe (exact point of change of flight isn't fixed, but it is either Amsterdam, Paris or the Frankfurt.) I wish to visit a friend in Paris for 4-5 days while coming back. (And also, we might travel to Netherlands or Spain in this period)  I am wondering, which consulate to apply for tourist Schengen visa in Atlanta, my trip starts on 23rd of May, so I have little more than 3 weeks time. While, it may be considered safe time frame, I wish to expedite the visa approval so that I can book the tickets.   More info: In the past, I have been issued Schengen visa twice: One a student visa from Chennai consulate in India; another, a Business visa issued from Swiss consulate in Atlanta. (Business visa from swiss consulate in Atlanta was issued in just one day, despite they said it might take a week.) 
47561	How long does it take to get transit Visa for travel through Canada?	I hold Indian passport and travelling from US to India via Canada. I know Transit Visa is required in my case. However my agent warned that getting transit visa maybe delayed or it may get rejected. So I may want to change my itinerary while I still can (I have 24 hour window) rather than take the risk.  Considering I have a 3 months in hand, do you think it is really a risk? I live in Atlanta, Georgia and there is no Canada consulate around. That means I can't apply in person.   Can anybody share his/her experience with Canada transit visa process. How long does it take? Are they too finicky about the documents provided? Will they ask for more documents as follow-up, because that is going to add time to the processing time. 
47564	Schengen visa waiver for US citizens after residence permit expires?	I'm a US citizen working in Finland.  I'm waiting for my residence permit renewal to be processed, which takes quite a long time.  (Recently, it seems that the turnaround time is over 120 days.  I don't know if this estimate includes the fact that nothing at all will happen in July.)  There's no problem continuing to live and work while I wait, but it is unclear to me whether I will have trouble traveling within the Schengen area as well and entering or exiting.  (In particular, I've agreed to go to events in Canada, France, and Germany for work in this period.)  My question is whether the 90 day visa waiver applies to US citizens whose residence permits have run out.  (This would solve my problem in a practical sense.) 
47568	Want to meet arriving passenger inside airport before immigration (SIN airport)	Is this possible?  Buy a cheapest ticket or refundable ticket and enter T3 departure hall of Singapore airport, clear immigration and go to T3 arrival area and meet my wife even before she clears thru immigration desk.  Reason: to give her surprise and help her with document handling.  Thanks for your help.  P.s. this question may have been asked in different formats earlier, but i am keen on knowing for Singapore airport. There may be Meet&amp;Greet services, that would be last resort. 
47575	Traveling with Expired US Visa from USA to India visa Munich, do i need transit VISA?	I looked at german consulate site which says below. so it didn't exacty says word "expired visa".     Exceptions: Nationals from the above list are entitled to transit through the international transit zones without an airport transit visa:         If they hold a valid visa for the United States of America   If they return from the USA after having used the visa   If they hold one of the following residence permits:      I called San Francisco German consulate and they said if you are transiting from only one location in Germany and travelling back to country where visa was stamped you don't need transit visa in Munich. I booked flight with this understanding.  When I looked answer on this site I see some says transit visa is required and some says not.  I just want to check if someone has very recent experience and let me know what happened. 
47568	Want to meet arriving passenger inside airport before immigration (SIN airport)	Is this possible?  Buy a cheapest ticket or refundable ticket and enter T3 departure hall of Singapore airport, clear immigration and go to T3 arrival area and meet my wife even before she clears thru immigration desk.  Reason: to give her surprise and help her with document handling.  Thanks for your help.  P.s. this question may have been asked in different formats earlier, but i am keen on knowing for Singapore airport. There may be Meet&amp;Greet services, that would be last resort. 
47581	Is there a way to find out meal timing in a long-haul flight?	I'm taking the NH171, which leaves at 12.45 and takes roughly 11 hours. The airline's "My booking" page does not contain any information regarding when meal will be served.   Is there some kind of database where I can figure out this info? Or do airlines have conventions regarding how their meals are scheduled?   It kind of matters, e.g. it would be very horrible if I come expecting lunch, and it turned out they will only start serving meals at dinner time. 
47584	Can you apply for a new Russian passport at any time?	I recall that supposedly you could only apply for a new Russian passport when your existing one was about to expire within the next 6 months.  However, currently, I couldn't find anything to that effect in the official laws and regulations (but, then again, maybe I just missed it).  Is there anything to this effect, or is it more of a suggestion to make more use of the full term of one's existing passport prior to receiving a new one?  Or perhaps the 6-month restriction is a thing of the past? 
47584	Can you apply for a new Russian passport at any time?	I recall that supposedly you could only apply for a new Russian passport when your existing one was about to expire within the next 6 months.  However, currently, I couldn't find anything to that effect in the official laws and regulations (but, then again, maybe I just missed it).  Is there anything to this effect, or is it more of a suggestion to make more use of the full term of one's existing passport prior to receiving a new one?  Or perhaps the 6-month restriction is a thing of the past? 
47606	American citizen travelling to London from Ghana - do I need a UK visa?	I am a naturalized American travelling to Ghana and UK. I know I need a visa for Ghana, but what do I need to show at the Ghana airport coming to UK? 
47607	Visa Refusal: Should we re-apply?	When my brother was widowed 4 years ago I invited him to join us as he has no children. So he applied for a residence visa but it was refused. In the refusal notice they said      "In your current application you have declared a monthly income from a   pension and a rented property of £xxx.  The tenancy agreement for this   property states an annual rent of £xxxx.  You are currently not living   in this property, but are living in your other property.  Your   application and its supporting documents contain no indication that   you are reliant on your sponsor for financial support.      Your personal bank statement shows a balance of US$xxxx.  Given that   you have assets and the fact that you have savings, an income from a   pension and property rental without the need for financial support   from your sponsor, I am not satisfied that you are financially wholly   or mainly dependent on your relative present and settled in the United   Kingdom.  317 (ii)".   Recently his application for UK visitor's visa's denied. The reason given was      “Your documents show that you receive £xx a month pension. You also   have a property which has been let. Although your sponsor has stated   she will be paying all your travel costs it's your own and financial   circumstances which need to be taken into account when considering   your application. As the previous refusal notice shows your intention   was to settle in the UK permanently as a dependent of your sister, I   am not satisfied this is no longer your intention in seeking entry   now".   However the officer miscalculated the currency rate completely wrong, by more than a half less. Further, they missed the facts that my brother has savings in bank accounts (over £xx,xxx), income from property let (£xxx per month) and income from freelance work, and that he owns another property and a land. In other words, in 2011 the refusal found that he was not dependent; in 2015 the refusal omits to look at all the financial evidence and assumes that he is dependent.   He honestly doesn't have any desire to settle in this country now, he just wanted to visit us briefly.  According to the new Immigration Rules we can't appeal against the decision, so we don't know what to do. Could you kindly advise us on what to do, please?  
47620	Do I need a transit visa for transit flight from Vienna to New Delhi for Indian citizens?	I am traveling from USA to India via Vienna, Austria in June 1st week of 2015. I am having a valid I-797 valid until Dec 2016 and also EAD documents. However I don't have valid USA visa now because I did not go out of USA for last 8 years.   I have a layover of around 4.5 hrs in Vienna on my way to India. Do I need any kind of transit visa in Vienna. I am not planning to go anywhere outside the waiting area of international travel lounge. Please advise.  I hold Indian Passport and valid USA EAD documents. 
47586	Can I fly with my friend on the outbound flight, if we have a separate return flight?	I'm travelling somewhere with a friend, but would like to return on a separate date than my friend. For that reason I suppose I need to buy the tickets together. Is there another way to do that? 
47660	Would it help to have invalidated Russian passports?	After applying for a new Russian passport, you show your old one to pick up the new one:   If the old one has already expired at the time the new one is being picked up, you keep the old one as it was. However, if the old one is still otherwise valid and non-expired, it'll normally be invalidated right in front of you (e.g. would have holes punched through it), and immediately returned back to your possession in such invalidated state.     As a sidenote, interestingly, invalidation in itself appears to be in conflict with the federal law:     Не допускается, за исключением случаев, указанных в части третьей настоящей статьи:       ...       2) выдача нового паспорта без изъятия ранее выданного паспорта, если срок его действия не истек.   However, it is, actually, prescribed in the regulations by MID, although a different hole-punching process is described than what was explained to me in a consulate back a few years ago (prior to the registration of these new regulations, perhaps the process simply changed?).  5-year laminated:     71.1. Производит изъятие ранее выданного паспорта либо паспорта, срок действия которого не истек, за исключением случая, когда в соответствии с частью третьей статьи 11 Федерального закона оформляется второй паспорт на срок действия ранее выданного, а также случая предусмотренного абзацем вторым настоящего подпункта. Ранее выданный паспорт с истекшим сроком действия не изымается. По просьбе заявителя либо законного представителя ранее выданный паспорт не изымается, а аннулируется и возвращается владельцу. Аннулирование паспорта производится путем проставления оттиска штампа "Аннулировано" (приложение N 13 к настоящему Регламенту) на странице, где проставляется подпись владельца паспорта, и при этом со страницы ранее выданного паспорта вырезается его номер. Вырезанный номер наклеивается на свободном месте оборотной стороны заявления.    10-year biometric:     67.1. Производит изъятие ранее выданного паспорта, срок действия которого не истек, за исключением случая, когда в соответствии с частью третьей статьи 11 Федерального закона оформляется второй паспорт на срок действия ранее выданного, а также случая, предусмотренного абзацем вторым настоящего подпункта. Ранее выданный паспорт с истекшим сроком действия не изымается.   По просьбе заявителя либо законного представителя ранее выданный паспорт не изымается, а аннулируется и возвращается владельцу. Аннулирование паспорта производится путем проставления оттиска штампа "Аннулировано" (приложение N 11 к настоящему Регламенту) на странице, где проставляется подпись владельца паспорта, и при этом со страницы ранее выданного паспорта вырезается его номер. Вырезанный номер наклеивается на свободном месте оборотной стороны заявления.     As anyone who's been "temporarily" living abroad for years and have had their Russian passport inadvertently expire prior to making an application for a new one will tell you, the consulates routinely violate the federal law that passports must be issued within 3 months of the application, by effectively illegally refusing to accept applications for a new passport prior to a lengthy and unaccountable citizenship verification process taking place (which has no service time limits or much accountability, often taking half a year or more, in addition to the 3 months they take to actually make the passport after the citizenship is confirmed).  I've also noticed in the regulations that expired Russian passports are supposedly explicitly prohibited from being used for identity and citizenship verification for making an application for a new one.  МИД РФ ПРИКАЗ от 19 марта 2014 г. N 3744     В случае отсутствия указанных документов, либо истечении срока их действия ...   As per above, since you can't have two passports (unless you travel extensively for 3 consecutive months, and qualify for an exemption to have a duplicate passport), and you cannot apply for or renew a domestic passport when abroad, and expired passports are specifically declared worthless, would it at all be helpful to always have a not-otherwise-expired invalidated passport in case the original is lost?  E.g. could it at all be used for any kind of citizenship verification or expedited processing or anything? 
47660	Would it help to have invalidated Russian passports?	After applying for a new Russian passport, you show your old one to pick up the new one:   If the old one has already expired at the time the new one is being picked up, you keep the old one as it was. However, if the old one is still otherwise valid and non-expired, it'll normally be invalidated right in front of you (e.g. would have holes punched through it), and immediately returned back to your possession in such invalidated state.     As a sidenote, interestingly, invalidation in itself appears to be in conflict with the federal law:     Не допускается, за исключением случаев, указанных в части третьей настоящей статьи:       ...       2) выдача нового паспорта без изъятия ранее выданного паспорта, если срок его действия не истек.   However, it is, actually, prescribed in the regulations by MID, although a different hole-punching process is described than what was explained to me in a consulate back a few years ago (prior to the registration of these new regulations, perhaps the process simply changed?).  5-year laminated:     71.1. Производит изъятие ранее выданного паспорта либо паспорта, срок действия которого не истек, за исключением случая, когда в соответствии с частью третьей статьи 11 Федерального закона оформляется второй паспорт на срок действия ранее выданного, а также случая предусмотренного абзацем вторым настоящего подпункта. Ранее выданный паспорт с истекшим сроком действия не изымается. По просьбе заявителя либо законного представителя ранее выданный паспорт не изымается, а аннулируется и возвращается владельцу. Аннулирование паспорта производится путем проставления оттиска штампа "Аннулировано" (приложение N 13 к настоящему Регламенту) на странице, где проставляется подпись владельца паспорта, и при этом со страницы ранее выданного паспорта вырезается его номер. Вырезанный номер наклеивается на свободном месте оборотной стороны заявления.    10-year biometric:     67.1. Производит изъятие ранее выданного паспорта, срок действия которого не истек, за исключением случая, когда в соответствии с частью третьей статьи 11 Федерального закона оформляется второй паспорт на срок действия ранее выданного, а также случая, предусмотренного абзацем вторым настоящего подпункта. Ранее выданный паспорт с истекшим сроком действия не изымается.   По просьбе заявителя либо законного представителя ранее выданный паспорт не изымается, а аннулируется и возвращается владельцу. Аннулирование паспорта производится путем проставления оттиска штампа "Аннулировано" (приложение N 11 к настоящему Регламенту) на странице, где проставляется подпись владельца паспорта, и при этом со страницы ранее выданного паспорта вырезается его номер. Вырезанный номер наклеивается на свободном месте оборотной стороны заявления.     As anyone who's been "temporarily" living abroad for years and have had their Russian passport inadvertently expire prior to making an application for a new one will tell you, the consulates routinely violate the federal law that passports must be issued within 3 months of the application, by effectively illegally refusing to accept applications for a new passport prior to a lengthy and unaccountable citizenship verification process taking place (which has no service time limits or much accountability, often taking half a year or more, in addition to the 3 months they take to actually make the passport after the citizenship is confirmed).  I've also noticed in the regulations that expired Russian passports are supposedly explicitly prohibited from being used for identity and citizenship verification for making an application for a new one.  МИД РФ ПРИКАЗ от 19 марта 2014 г. N 3744     В случае отсутствия указанных документов, либо истечении срока их действия ...   As per above, since you can't have two passports (unless you travel extensively for 3 consecutive months, and qualify for an exemption to have a duplicate passport), and you cannot apply for or renew a domestic passport when abroad, and expired passports are specifically declared worthless, would it at all be helpful to always have a not-otherwise-expired invalidated passport in case the original is lost?  E.g. could it at all be used for any kind of citizenship verification or expedited processing or anything? 
47663	Jeddah - Costa Rica then return via Costa Rica - Madrid - Jeddah, will I need a visa for Spain?	I am a Filipino citizen in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and booked for a holiday trip to Costa Rica.    My flight is     Jeddah - Madrid via Saudi Airlines 24 hour layover Madrid - SJO (Costa Rica) via Iberia     My return trip is  - SJO (Costa Rica) - Madrid via Iberia  - layover  - Madric - Jeddah via Saudi Airlines  I will be entering and leaving Madrid twice during the round trip flights.    I  would like to know what type of Schengen visa is appropriate to apply for me to pass Madrid twice with out any hassles in Madrid airport immigration? 
47684	name in passport as BCA in place of ABC	My name in passport is written in wrong order I.e. in place of ABC it is written as BCA. Can this be a reason for rejection of visa to Germany. If yes, there is any solution.  Rest all documents in place. Can I give a undertaking that both the names belong to one person. will it solve the problem.  Going to attend a conference and presentation of my work.  
47719	Driving in France with US driving license only (French driving license being kept in some French Consulate)	I live in Massachusetts, USA. I will go to California, USA one month in June, then go to France in July. I need to drive in these 3 places. As a French citizen, I have a US driving license and my French driving license is being kept in the French Consulate at Boston, Massachusetts, as I converted my French driving license to a US driving license.  I need to go straight from California to France, which means that I cannot drop by the French Consulate at Boston to get my French driving license back for a few days.  Is there any other solution than having a notarized translation in French along with my US driving license? Would having my International Driving Permit issued by the French administration along with my US driving license be enough? 
47737	Do I need to get my baggage and proceed in custom control as a transit visitor to US via Canada?	I'm traveling from Istanbul to San Francisco via Toronto with Air Canada (for both) and I'm wondering if I have to get my luggage and head to the customs in Canada?   Currently holding a Turkish passport and I got a transit visa for Canada. Also, the time between two of the flights is about 1 hour and 50 minutes.  My flights:   Istanbul to Toronto (Air Canada)   &lt;1 hour and 50 minutes between flights  Toronto to San Francisco (Air Canada)  Thanks (: 
47743	Are Transit Visas for Germany required for our group?	We are 3 family members traveling together. We hold a Palestinian Authority passport, an Egyptian passport, and a Jordanian passport. We have a 3 hour layover/transit in Frankfurt, Germany, then we continue to Kiev, Ukraine.    Do each of us need a transit visa for this 3 hours layover?    Note: Each of us has a valid visa to Ukraine   
47767	Zurich Transt VIsa? Delhi - Zurich - Toronto	I am flying on an Indian passport from Delhi to Toronto via Zurich (Layover 3 hours) - do i need a Airport Transit Visa?  I am flying on 23rd May, 2015.  Thanks Rahul 
47766	Getting job in US on B1/B2 visa	I have a B1/B2 visa to US, can i stay in US as a citizen and for how long?Can i apply for jobs there in US on this visa? What are the chances to get a job there?  Can i apply for an H1-B visa while my stay in US on B1/B2 visa? 
47806	20 hour layover at London Heathrow. Do I need a transit visa to go to a hotel outside airport ?	I am an Indian national(Indian passport) traveling from Bangalore to US with a student F-1 visa. I have a 20 hour layover at London Heathrow. I will arrive at 1pm in LHR and leave for US the next day at 9:30am and I plan to stay at a hotel outside the airport during this time to get some sleep. So will I get the transit without visa(TWOV) for my case ? Also, will I be able to do some sighseeing while going to the hotel ?  In any case, will I be denied to get out of the airport and stay at a hotel ?  
47786	Indian passport with two missing (ripped out) pages - should I get a new one to enter the US?	I have got a passport in very good condition with two inner pages totally ripped out (they are missing). I had my Schengen visa issued on those pages with a few stamps but now that visa has expired.   Does this situation invalidate my passport?  should I apply for new passport now or I can make this passport work?   I need to fly to US in July. 
47800	Transfer between Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and John Wayne Airport (SNA)?	I'm arriving at LAX, and my friend has accommodation basically next to John Wayne Airport in Orange County.  Yep.  My research indicates that it'll take about 4 hours by public transport.   Is there not a shuttle or something between the airports that I could use? Or an alternative, faster method of transport that won't break my wallet? (I assume a taxi is going to be horrendous). 
47817	do i need a Transit visa in London?	I am a Philippine passport holder and will be travelling from Hong Kong to Cayman Islands via British Airways. I need to stop over at London Heathrow Airport as my connecting flight. Based on a flight schedule I found, I will be arriving LHR at terminal 5 and the same terminal for my outbound to Cayman and will also be on the same date, my layover will only take me for almost 6hrs only.  Do I need to have a transit visa in entering LHR as my connecting flight? Please help me with this matter.  Thanks. 
47800	Transfer between Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and John Wayne Airport (SNA)?	I'm arriving at LAX, and my friend has accommodation basically next to John Wayne Airport in Orange County.  Yep.  My research indicates that it'll take about 4 hours by public transport.   Is there not a shuttle or something between the airports that I could use? Or an alternative, faster method of transport that won't break my wallet? (I assume a taxi is going to be horrendous). 
47807	Road-trip in USA: can a foreigner buy a car?	We are planning a road-trip in USA (and maybe part of central-america). Our first idea was to rent a car on each stage of our trip, but we realized that this option is about $1000 per month and breaks our budget. So the next option is to buy a car in USA and sell it later. The question is: can a EU tourist buy a car? (tourist VISA). How? What I need?   Note that I assume that each state has its own regulations and some will be easier to accomplish. I don't have any problem to start my road trip in one or the other state, so I can move to the most permisive state if necessary. 
47846	What is "Member states of destination" on Visa application	I am traveling to Paris staying there for 5 days then flying to Spain and staying there for 10 days.  My understanding is that since Spain is where I am spending most of the time then I should apply for the visa in the spanish embassy.  But how about these fields in my case, How should I fill them? "Member states of destination" &amp; "Member state of first entry"... Should they be "Spain" and "France" respectively? 
47856	Re-entering the U.S. on Esta visa just after J1 visa expired.	I was on a J1 vistor visa which expired recently and therefore in my 30 day grace period. However I want to extend my visa via The ESTA (VWP) so I can travel around America. Just wanted to confirm I could go to the Mexican border and re-enter. I'm an Australian Citizen and have already purchased my ticket home. Just as back up I've also got a transcript stating that I have enrolled in next semester proving I have to go back to Australia. Are there any major risks or issues that I might face at the Mexican border? 
47856	Re-entering the U.S. on Esta visa just after J1 visa expired.	I was on a J1 vistor visa which expired recently and therefore in my 30 day grace period. However I want to extend my visa via The ESTA (VWP) so I can travel around America. Just wanted to confirm I could go to the Mexican border and re-enter. I'm an Australian Citizen and have already purchased my ticket home. Just as back up I've also got a transcript stating that I have enrolled in next semester proving I have to go back to Australia. Are there any major risks or issues that I might face at the Mexican border? 
47863	Fliying from US to Vietnam via Toronto	I will have a flight on Boston (USA) to Hanoi (Vietnam) via Toronto (Canada). My first flight will be from Boston to Toronto with Air Canada (2h45m transit), the second flight will be from Toronto to Tokyo with Air Canada (1h transit) and the last one will be from Tokyo to Hanoi with Vietnam Airlines. So I want to know if I need a Canada visa just to transit in Canada without going out at the airport? I have my US Visa but it expired for 6 months. My nationality is Vietnamese. Please reply as soon as possible. Thank you guys! 
47871	Tipping for curbside takeout food in the USA	I just saw the "Tipping for takeout food in the USA" question.  Curbside takeout was not addressed in any of the answers to that question, so that is why I am asking this question.  Many American restaurants now offer "curbside takeout".  That is where you call the restaurant to place your takeout order.  Then when you arrive at the restaurant, you are supposed to park in one of the designated "curbside takeout" parking spots.  You do not get out of your car - instead an employee will come out and ask for your name and then go back into the restaurant to get your order.  Then they'll come back out with your food and take your payment.  If you pay with a credit card, they have to come out a third time to get your signature.  That's a lot of trips in and out of the restaurant.  The answers to the other question say that you're not supposed to tip for takeout, but that you are supposed to tip for delivery/service.  One could argue that with curbside takeout, they are providing a service by delivering the food to your car.  So are you supposed to tip for curbside takeout? 
47876	UK Transit Visa	I am citizen of Pakistan and hold a regular passport. I have a B-1/B-2 visa for USA and I want to fly from San Francisco to Sofia, Bulgaria (I'll get a Schengen visa soon). Almost all flights that I have found have a stopover at London Heathrow. Do I need a transit visa?       P.S. I have read other threads here and I have also checked the website. However, I am still not sure if I need a visa, as I am not sure if I'll pass through UK Border Control. After I went through both possibilities, it said that I do need a visa, but it also listed a number of conditions that, if satisfied, allow one to transit without a visa. I am not sure if I satisfy all.    Also, this link (for South African passport holders) says that "passengers transiting to any of the 25 Schengen countries and who hold a category C Schengen visa must still obtain a UK visa", so I am wondering that I might still need a transit visa.     
47841	Will a refusal for UK visitor's visa have any impact on a US visitor's visa application result?	UK visitor's visa was denied because a residence visa application had been refused previously, about 4 years ago. Now will it have any impact on a US visitor's visa application result?   
47911	Transit Visa to UK from USA	I am travelling to Prague,Czech Republic and I have 3-4 hours of layover at London Heathrow Airport. I have my confirmed tickets from Philadelphia to Prague. I am currently holding Indian Passport + US Permanent Residency(Green Card). Do I need to get Transit Visa for UK?  Thanks, SP 
47936	Group jungle trek in Chiang Mai	I'm looking for some 2 or 3-day jungle treks in Chiang Mai (preferably 2 days). Since I'm traveling alone, I would like to join a group and not have a private trek on my own. I already kinda have a plan for an elephant visit (which I trust), so I'd rather have a jungle trip without elephants (except if you know it's one where it's known that the elephants are treated well).   I found some jungle treks like this barking gecko trek. But the site reads it's private tours only. So any idea which are group jungle treks, instead of private jungle treks? (This is something I'm really looking forward to.) 
3598	What happens if you arrive in Malaysia with a one-way ticket but are asked for proof of onward travel?	As we know, most countries require that visitors have a return or onward ticket as a condition of entry.  But often, depending on where you're from and which country you're visiting, you won't be asked to show such ticket.  Now many backpackers like to travel without exact plans made in advance, including buying all one-way tickets when they are finished with one country and have decided where to go next.  But what happens when you're travelling this way and they actually do ask you for proof of return/onward passage?   Are you sent back on the next plane at your own expense? Will you have some opportunity to buy a ticket at this time? Will this be unlikely to happen in the first place because the airport where you board will tell you whether you'll need a ticket?   To make it all specific, I'm asking about my friend travelling on an Iranian passport who wants to fly into Malaysia with a one way ticket and travel around Southeast Asia.  Personally I've never been asked to show this proof in an airport but I have at land borders after visa runs and in immigration offices when getting visa extensions. But a friend who travels on a British passport was asked for this proof when she flew into Malaysia about two years ago. Lucky for her it was a rare occasion where she actually did have a return ticket.  What will Malaysia do if you are asked to prove onward/return travel but only have a one-way ticket?    Update  I can't answer what Malaysia would do if they asked for such proof because when I arrived they did not ask.  However, when I was checking in for my flight at the Air Asia X desk in Sydney they did ask me. And they did accept my $10 e-ticket for the train to Singapore as proof. 
47950	Travelling on Business visa to UK for tourism purposes	I already have a 6 month valid UK business visa received prior to April 24 2015. I was supposed to travel to UK in April but my trip was cancelled on medical grounds. Am now planning to visit the UK in July for tourism. Would it be fine for me to do so? Will I be allowed to enter UK? Should I carry the original invite letter + medical certificate to proof why I didnt go the first time?  thanks 
47950	Travelling on Business visa to UK for tourism purposes	I already have a 6 month valid UK business visa received prior to April 24 2015. I was supposed to travel to UK in April but my trip was cancelled on medical grounds. Am now planning to visit the UK in July for tourism. Would it be fine for me to do so? Will I be allowed to enter UK? Should I carry the original invite letter + medical certificate to proof why I didnt go the first time?  thanks 
47969	Entering Germany while having a visa issued by a different country?	I believe this question was asked before but I think my case is a little bit different. My father works at the French embassy and so I have a Schengen visa issued for me from the French Embassy. Now I never visited France before and I plan to go Germany next week. Is it ok to go straight to Berlin with a visa issued by France. Again I will not be landing or visitng France at all.  
47954	Prepaid SIM card for 1 month stay in Texas / USA	I will be staying in Houston (Texas) for about a month and I'm looking for a prepaid SIM card that I can use during that time, preferably with mobile data.   Update (more details):  Primarily, I'm looking for data transfer. Voice calls are secondary, in fact, I could do without. I will be staying at the same hotel throughout the duration, so if the coverage area includes Houston that's good enough.  
47986	Do you tip in the US for getting a to-go coffee?	I'm not familiar with the tipping system in the US. One day I'm buying a coffee and i am presented with a machine asking me to tip 15%, 18% and 20% and no tip. I feel like I have to tip at least 15% but i still haven't tasted the coffee and I won't even sit down at the place. I don't mind tipping if I get some sort of service.   What do people do with the tipping for getting a to-go coffee?  
47991	Travelling to us on visa waiver profram with j1ers	Im travelling to the US next friday with a few friends who are going on the j1 student visa. I was wondering how much money i would need for a customs officer to be satisfied that i wasnt planning on getting work? I will be going with around 4500 dollars and will also be meeting my uncle over there at some stage. I am travelling from ireland and will be staying 90 days. We plan on getting accomodation and will not be staying in hotels or the likes. 
47984	How to get the best room in a hotel?	I'm used to traveling across Europe for work. I have been booking my hotel rooms through common online websites like hotels.com or booking.com.  However, I find that I have been frustrated many times when entering my room at the hotel and finding out that the room doesn't have "the view on the sea" as written on the booking site.  The most common excuse that I get from the receptionist is: "We are full and that's the only room left" which is (sometimes) one close to the elevator with a view on the indoor court.  I got an explanation one time from a receptionist who said that it depends on the "face" of the customer. She said that a customer basically tossing down a credit card at check in will be close to the elevator, but one coming in with a smile might have the great view.  I have a budget of 200€ per night (which I assume is quite good) and I usually try to book a superior room.  So my questions are:   How are the rooms assigned at a hotel? (first arrived have the best room?)   and   How can I be assured to get a superior room?      For an example: Recently, I booked a hotel room via hotels.com and there were two kind of rooms: partial view on the sea and full view on the sea. I paid for full view. When I arrived at the hotel, there were no more full view rooms because the hotel was full. From the receptionist, I was told I had been upgraded to another class of room (which really looked like the one without the view). There was another room with view but I'd have to pay extra...  
89	How to insure checked luggage?	I know that you are not supposed to put valuables into checked baggage, but in some cases it is necessary. For example if you have large valuable items that do not fit in carry-on or if you have enough valuable items that you can not fit them all in carry-on.   My understanding is that while airlines do accept liability for baggage, they typically exclude valuable items such as electronics, jewelry etc. and the liability dollar limit is quite low. I've also heard they will won't accept liability for loss, damage or delay caused by "security searches." Here for example is American Airlines Baggage Liability Limitations.  Given that it seems that airlines have limited their liability to the extent that they probably won't pay for anything valuable -- or perhaps anything at all if they can blame the "security procedures" -- what is the best insurance to protect yourself? I'm from the USA and interested about insurance for international travel. 
232	How can I protect camera equipment in checked baggage?	While I usually take my camera equipment in a carry-on when I fly (within the US), that's not always an option (small plane where no carry-on other than my purse is allowed, travelling with too much computer/camera equipment to carry it all on, etc.).  Last time I checked my camera equipment, it was put back in the case incorrectly after (I assume) being searched, causing some very serious breakage.  While "that's what insurance is for" certainly applies, having to try to replace a camera on short notice during a trip is an inconvenience I'd rather avoid.  Is there any way I can check something this delicate/valuable without it being destroyed?  If not, can I at least reduce the chance of major damage somehow?  Clarification: I already have a good camera case.  The problem happened when airport personnel couldn't be bothered to put the camera back properly (I assume the case was searched after I checked it) and instead ripped some of the padded dividers out, crammed them into another part of the case, and wedged the camera in the wrong way.  Without any padding to keep it from moving, and wedged against the side of the case as it was, the camera broke during what may have been normal baggage handling during transportation. 
47966	Travel in the US on J1 Visa and ESTA	I have a question regarding travelling in and out of the US. I am on a J1 visa and i wish to go to the Bahamas in my grace period. If I want to return to the US after the Bahamas i know that i cannot enter on my VISA, but can I enter on an ESTA instead?  Thank You.  
48017	Buying a return ticket for a child flying with different parent	My girlfriend, our daughter and I will be flying from Montreal to Italy. I'll fly directly there with my daughter, which is 3 years old, and stay a couple of weeks. My girlfriend will first stop in London and reach us later, but she will stay longer than me and come back to Canada later with my daughter.   To make it simple:   Father and daughter fly from Canada to Italy Mother flies from Canada to England Father flies early from Italy to Canada Mother and daughter fly later from Italy to Canada   Is it possible to buy a return ticket for our daughter in which we specify that she'll travel with a different parent?  My problem is that I have to buy her ticket separated from ours, because everybody has a different flying schedule. Buying separate legs would be an option, but this would very likely result in more expensive tickets.  I hope I managed to explain the situation, thanks in advance 
48017	Buying a return ticket for a child flying with different parent	My girlfriend, our daughter and I will be flying from Montreal to Italy. I'll fly directly there with my daughter, which is 3 years old, and stay a couple of weeks. My girlfriend will first stop in London and reach us later, but she will stay longer than me and come back to Canada later with my daughter.   To make it simple:   Father and daughter fly from Canada to Italy Mother flies from Canada to England Father flies early from Italy to Canada Mother and daughter fly later from Italy to Canada   Is it possible to buy a return ticket for our daughter in which we specify that she'll travel with a different parent?  My problem is that I have to buy her ticket separated from ours, because everybody has a different flying schedule. Buying separate legs would be an option, but this would very likely result in more expensive tickets.  I hope I managed to explain the situation, thanks in advance 
48017	Buying a return ticket for a child flying with different parent	My girlfriend, our daughter and I will be flying from Montreal to Italy. I'll fly directly there with my daughter, which is 3 years old, and stay a couple of weeks. My girlfriend will first stop in London and reach us later, but she will stay longer than me and come back to Canada later with my daughter.   To make it simple:   Father and daughter fly from Canada to Italy Mother flies from Canada to England Father flies early from Italy to Canada Mother and daughter fly later from Italy to Canada   Is it possible to buy a return ticket for our daughter in which we specify that she'll travel with a different parent?  My problem is that I have to buy her ticket separated from ours, because everybody has a different flying schedule. Buying separate legs would be an option, but this would very likely result in more expensive tickets.  I hope I managed to explain the situation, thanks in advance 
48017	Buying a return ticket for a child flying with different parent	My girlfriend, our daughter and I will be flying from Montreal to Italy. I'll fly directly there with my daughter, which is 3 years old, and stay a couple of weeks. My girlfriend will first stop in London and reach us later, but she will stay longer than me and come back to Canada later with my daughter.   To make it simple:   Father and daughter fly from Canada to Italy Mother flies from Canada to England Father flies early from Italy to Canada Mother and daughter fly later from Italy to Canada   Is it possible to buy a return ticket for our daughter in which we specify that she'll travel with a different parent?  My problem is that I have to buy her ticket separated from ours, because everybody has a different flying schedule. Buying separate legs would be an option, but this would very likely result in more expensive tickets.  I hope I managed to explain the situation, thanks in advance 
48033	Identification on German trains	I am a student from South Africa travelling to Germany in around a month and want to book my train tickets on the Deutsche Bahn website. Since I'm a bit hesitant to order tickets delivered by mail (postal strike and generally unreliable postal service in South Africa). Therefore the only other option is an online or Cellphone ticket.  However the Bahn only accepts Bahncards, CC, ec/Maestro or ID documents as identification. I don't have a CC, accepted ID or bahncard and for the EC/Maestro option the bank needs a registered address in Germany.  What can I use to as ID choice on the website to identify myself on German trains? My "debit" card functions as a credit card (i.e. I can make online purchases, name printed on front and CVV code at the back). Functionally I doubt DB will notice a difference when I use it as a payment method, but I'm hesitant to use it as my ID on the train as it does state on the card that it is only a debit card and not a credit card.  As I am also in a neighbouring country during my visit for which I used http://www.b-europe.com to book a ticket and they have not required such stringent requirements during the booking process (arguably both cities are not in Germany). They only required the name as displayed on my passport and I do have an European passport. However I checked, and I can theoretically book long distance trains within Germany and did not ask for more stringent requirements. Would this be an option to consider? 
48052	Do any Chinese embassies or consulates grant multiple-entry visas to people from a third country?	This question is specifically about true multiple-entry visas, which for China are valid for six months and allow multiple entries.  This question is not about double-entry visas. In the case of China, these are distinct and I know where and how to get a double-entry visas, but not where and how to get a multiple-entry visa.  In Ho Chi Minh city a month or so ago I found out at the Chinese embassy that they only grant one-month single entry visas, at least to me, an Australian passport holder, though the form and the signs on the wall had fees and conditions for multiple-entry visas. The staff did not give me a clear answer other than that they don't issue multiple-entry visas.  I'm assuming they must issue them to Vietnamese citizens.  Today in Vientiane I found out at the Chinese embassy that they only grant single-entry and double entry visas, at least to me, an Australian passport holder, though the form had a box for a multiple entry visa, which I originally chose. Again the staff didn't give me a clear answer other than that I couldn't get a multiple-entry visa here in Laos.  They were not interested in the printouts scanned from my old passport with previous visa and entry and exit stamps that I'd been told would be needed for a multiple entry visa.  So, do we know for sure whether China only issues multiple-entry visas to citizens of the country where the embassy is, or people with residence status there. Has anybody here been granted such a visa when applying outside their home country? Is there a way we can find out whether it's only citizens from certain countries of embassies in certain countries, or is it just one of those official Chinese mysteries where nobody can really know the answers in advance? 
19241	Can a normal backpacker obtain a multiple-entry Chinese visa while on the road?	I'm an Australian citizen backpacking around Southeast Asia, currently in Bangkok. I would like to criss-cross China several times on this trip to visit some of its neighbouring country by crossing land borders. So I need to apply for a multiple-entry tourist visa for China.  At the time I originally asked this question I had hunted for information on this and finally found (on a page that's now a dead link) what seem to be extra prerequisites for multiple-entry tourist visas that are not necessary for single entry visas:     (vii) If applicant can furnish one of the following documents, applicant may apply for multiple-entry L-Visa:   (1) Real estate certificate in China (original and photocopy); or   (2) Notarized kinship or marriage certificate (original and photocopy); or   (3) At least twice China immigration entry records and photocopy.     Another site user has found another current page here with a similar list.  I don't even know what some of these things are. Does this mean it's not possible for a backpacker to get a multiple-entry visa? Does anybody have experience with this? Would the fact that I'm not applying in my home country present an extra problem?  If the rules or the actual practice of the application process varies from country to country, is Bangkok a better or worse place to apply, or would I be better off postponing it and applying in another country in Southeast Asia? 
43120	Will having used one previous double-entry visa for China make me eligible for a multiple entry visa now?	China has a rule that to obtain a multiple entry visa you must be able to show immigration information for two previous stays, not always in very clear English.  Now just over a year ago in late 2013 and early 2014 I visited China two times on a double-entry visa that I obtained in Laos after asking a previous question on the site about Chinese multiple-entry visas.  This time I have a narrower question. I intend to visit China again in just over a month and would really like a true multiple-entry visa this time so that I can cross over land borders into China's neighbours and back more times (I don't have an exact plan).  So will my two previous visits on a single two-entry visa satisfy this condition, or must it definitely be two physically separate visas? 
48074	What are the ferry options for getting from Sweden to Scotland	As this question points out the routes from Sweden and Denmark to Newcastle has been discontinued. Driving the whole way from Stockholm (for example) to Scotland is some 26 hours and geography suggests that there may be a ferry option parts of the way.   What I have come up with this far is the Gothenburg-Kiel ferry (a bit off when coming from Stockholm) and the Amsterdam-Newcastle ferry. Are these the two best options for combining driving with ferrying or are there more alternatives? (Apart from the freighter options already listed in the referenced question.) 
48073	Is there a Post Office in Heathrow?	I am flying from India to England on Saturday and will reach Heathrow on Sunday morning. I would like to post a gift to my friend from Heathrow Airport. Is that possible? 
48106	Transit visa in UK	I am an Indian, residing in China, travelling to Madrid, Spain (have a valid Schengen visa) via London. I will be in Heathrow Airport for less than 4 hours (the same day of arrival) for my next flight to Madrid. Do I need to apply for Transit visa for this travel ?    
48095	How to manage 12+ hours stopover in Chicago?	I am a student travelling from India to the US for my higher studies and am carrying two 23kg bags.  I have two flight options from India, both of which terminate at Chicago (ORD). My university has arranged for a bus from Chicago airport to the university (another 8 hour journey), which starts from Chicago airport at 10:30 in the night.   The first flight from India reaches Chicago around 3:30 in the afternoon of the previous day, so I have to spend 7+24 hours in Chicago. My second flight reaches Chicago around 10:30 in the morning, so I have to spend 12 hours in Chicago.   I would like to know what would be the best economical (as I am a student, cannot afford to spend too much money) way to handle both these types of stopovers considering the baggage that I have to handle.  PS: I want to decide between these two flight options based on your feedback for both the stopovers. 
48127	90 days in USA then to holland for 3 weeks then back to USA for 90 days	I have been in the US for 90 days and I want to go to holland for 3 weeks. After that I want to return to the US for another 90 days. My question is, can I do this? 
48133	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	I am travelling from Calgary to Delhi. I have a layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do I have to get a transit visa, even if I stay in the secured area?  
48136	Dual US/Canadian citizen with an expired passport	I'm hoping someone may able to answer my question...  I am a dual citizen of US and Canada. I was born in the states but grew up in Canada and like alot of other dual citizens, I hold both Canadian and US passports. I have never lived in the states so I dont have the social security number and other documentations beside my birth certificate and my passport. (The officials in US consulate in Toronto never says its a problem without another US documentations when they know I never live in US)  My US passport has expired in April and I have since tried to make an appointment with the US consulate in Toronto, but the earliest appointment available at the time of booking was June 4th. Here's the problem ... I'm flying to Vegas on Monday and I am now worried if I will be denied entry into the USA with an expired US passport... I know I have to present my US passport at point of entry and cannot use my Canadian passport (which I have used for my last month trip to Asia).  Will the custom deny my entry ? I'm planning to print out my appointment page and present to the officer as well and was planning to go renew my passport in Nevada if i have to... just wonder if someone has similar experience 
48142	Taking a Desktop Computer Overseas - Options?	I am moving overseas for a few months and will be working remotely, which will require me to take my desktop computer.  What are the best methods to take a desktop computer overseas? What potential issues are involved?   Should I stuff the entire desktop into a hard-case samsonite luggage (and bubble-wrap/cushion it)? Should I remove sensitive parts and take those sensitive parts separately? Will the TSA say anything if I remove the GPU and CPU and take that with me as carry-on luggage?   Also, I hear that the TSA may open your checked-in luggage, and for desktops that they may remove the heatsink on the CPU. I do not want my CPU to get damaged, so in that case should I remove the heatsink, and CPU so that no one else has to do it?  Anything else to consider? 
48142	Taking a Desktop Computer Overseas - Options?	I am moving overseas for a few months and will be working remotely, which will require me to take my desktop computer.  What are the best methods to take a desktop computer overseas? What potential issues are involved?   Should I stuff the entire desktop into a hard-case samsonite luggage (and bubble-wrap/cushion it)? Should I remove sensitive parts and take those sensitive parts separately? Will the TSA say anything if I remove the GPU and CPU and take that with me as carry-on luggage?   Also, I hear that the TSA may open your checked-in luggage, and for desktops that they may remove the heatsink on the CPU. I do not want my CPU to get damaged, so in that case should I remove the heatsink, and CPU so that no one else has to do it?  Anything else to consider? 
48148	If I have Schengen visa issued by Netherland Embassy, can I enter Frankfurt first?	I have got a schengen VISA from Netherland Embassy. India. I will be travelling to Maastricht,  Netherland. I would like to travel via Frankfurt and stay a night in Frankfurt. I will travel to Maastricht, Netherland by Bus/Train from Frankfurt.  Can it be done?  or will it be a problem for me to enter Frankfurt first?  
25638	Can I get off a Eurostar train at an earlier stop?	For an upcoming Eurostar journey I'm considering taking, I've noticed a very odd pricing situation. For some reason, the cost of a ticket on the 19:34 Lille &amp; Brussels service is cheaper if I book to Brussels rather than Lille, even though Brussels is further away!  In this case, I know that the Eurostar will stop in Lille (not all do, so you have to check). However, I'm not sure if I would be allowed to get off early? (In this case, I'm interested in booking a ticket to Brussels but getting off in Lille, but I guess it could apply equally to buying a Brussels or Paris ticket and getting of in Calais, or booking a London ticket and getting off in Ashford or Ebbesfleet)  What are the rules on getting off a Eurostar and ending your journey at a station earlier than the one you were booked to go to? (This is somewhat the inverse of this question on boarding a Eurostar late) 
11470	Getting on Eurostar at the wrong station	I have bought return tickets from London to Lille Europe on Eurostar. The trains on my outward and inbound journeys both stop at Calais Frethun.  Will Eurostar let me get on in Calais on the inbound? What about getting off at Calais on the outbound leg? I suspect leaving the train early is easier than getting on the train 'late'. 
48082	Under what conditions might Advance tickets be available on the British rail network?	I'm trying to understand the British train ticket pricing system.  Worse, I'm trying to game the system.  A popular game is to split tickets, but I've found that a combination of two Advance tickets may be cheaper even than the result of split tickets shows.  When I search for trains from Reading to Lancaster, I don't find a lot of Advance tickets.  The outward journey shows Anytime or Off-peak, on the return journey there are some Advance tickets.  However, if I search for Reading-Wolverhampton and Wolverhampton-Lancaster separately, I do get Advance fares for both directions, and with some puzzling I find fares that add up to £60, or around £28 less than the cheapest fare for a full ticket (discounting one return arriving at 01:35).  TrainSplit claims to save me £10 but gives the exact same fair as National Rail.  So, there are Advance tickets Reading-Wolverhampton and Wolverhampton-Lancaster, but not Reading-Lancaster.  Why is this?  Are Advance tickets only available for direct trains?  For trains with a single operator?  Or is the entire system so opaque that this question is fundamentally unanswerable?  
48173	Transit visa requirement for Kenya citizen going trough Switzerland to US	I am Kenyan going to U.S do I need transit visa in Switzerland? 
48173	Transit visa requirement for Kenya citizen going trough Switzerland to US	I am Kenyan going to U.S do I need transit visa in Switzerland? 
48182	Why did I get refused of entry into the UK even if I had a sponsorship letter?	I applied to volunteer at a scout activity center in London,Gilwell Park. I got refused of entry even with a sponsorship letter where it stated that I will have somewhere to.sleep. I would receive a weekly budget and it stated that I would return to.my country after 3 months of stay. Based on some paragraph 46A i got denied... The even took away my right for appeal... I'm a bit afraid to apply again because I don't know what I did wrong in my first application. 
48123	Flying into and out of Germany on a Belgium Schengen VISA	I have booked flights to and from Frankfurt already.   I had originally planned on exploring Germany, but honestly, it's my first time in Europe, so I don't care where I go, all the countries there will be amazing for me. I say this because the earliest appointment I could get at the German consulate in San Francisco is too late for me.   Because of this, I'm considering going to the Belgium consulate (earlier dates available) and changing my itinerary to be 5 days in Germany followed by 15 days in Belgium followed by 2 days in Germany. And I will be genuinely  sticking to the plan that I show on my documents.  Will the German immigration authorities have a problem with this?   I am a non-US citizen living in the USA, if that makes a difference. 
48191	European roaming data provider, which SIM cards can be purchased on-line / in Poland	(question similar to this, but focused on data plans and SIM cards with purchase on-line or in Poland)  I'm about to travel across the Europe (mainly and maybe some other parts of the world) and I'd like to prepare myself for having uninterrupted access to the Internet through my travel. It is quite easy, when you go by the plane, as you can by in-country SIM cards directly in the airport. But, when you're going to travel by car or train, you must have SIM card with you, once you're near the border.  Thus, I'm looking for any European (world-wide) mobile carrier which would offer, mostly data plans oriented SIM cards, that can be purchased on-line and sent to Poland or bought directly in Poland.  I did some research here or there and so far I managed to find two options:   Lycamobile offers separate SIM cards for each country, where they offer their services. Multi-country operators like Maxroam or Truphone which offers one SIM card for all countries.   For some reasons I consider multi-country solution (second option) as less interesting. Mainly because most of these offers are call-centered and prices for just data plans aren't too good. And I don't want to pay for something I won't be using (calls, text, MMS etc.).  I'd normally go with Lycamobile, but they (again) offer plans that have prices mainly call-oriented plus my initial contact shown some technical issues with getting SIM cards from other countries1.  So I'd be happy to read about some alternatives with data transfer oriented offers that can send SIM cards to Poland without problems or which SIM cards can be bought directly in Poland.  1You have to order each country-specific SIM card separately as they seem to be not willing to send many cards at once 
48196	How to get to the Gatwick airport from the Paddington station?	I'm in need of detailed instructions to the Gatwick airport from the Paddington station. That is, I need the names of all the necessary stations, platforms etc. that I must use on my from the Paddington in order to get the Gatwick airport. 
48196	How to get to the Gatwick airport from the Paddington station?	I'm in need of detailed instructions to the Gatwick airport from the Paddington station. That is, I need the names of all the necessary stations, platforms etc. that I must use on my from the Paddington in order to get the Gatwick airport. 
48194	Travelling through the US with Canadian Working Visa	I'm Australian and have obtained my Canadian working visa. However rather than flying direct to Canada I am meeting an American friend in LA and driving across the border. I have a return flight booked back to Australia from LA in March of next year too. Will the esta visa will be enough to enter the USA because I have my Canadian working visa and plan to travel there? Or will there be a problem because my return flight is booked later then the 90 days allowed on the visa.  
48200	How to obtain a 60-day Indonesian tourist visa in Singapore?	I am in Singapore and I want to get an Indonesian 60-day tourist visa.   Do you know and have experience with the process?  Note: A big advantage of a 60-day tourist visa over a 30-day visa on arrival is that the 60-day tourist visa can be extended four times for 30 days each, so you can stay for a total of 180 days (60+4x30). 
991	How to extend Indonesian visa on arrival (VOA) in Indonesia	What is the best way to extend visa on arrival in Indonesia? I will have 30 days visa on arrival (25 USD) and I need more 30 days without leaving country. It's possible to extend visa right after you get VOA? 
48208	BA - Cancel Domestic Leg of European Flight	I have a British Airways booking from GLA to FCO with a stopover in LHR (booked as a single booking).  The booking was a reward booking made with Avios points.  My issue is that I will now be in London on the date of the first leg and therefore only require the second leg.  If I don't fly the first domestic leg, will the second leg to Italy be automatically cancelled?  Also, if I contact them beforehand, would there be additional charges in changing the flight?  Many thanks in advance for any answers. 
48212	Traveling on B1/B2 visa for training	I currently have a valid B1/B2 visa. I got this visa when I had applied for a visitor/tourist visa, stating the purpose that I'll be visiting US for pleasure.  Now I need to travel to US for a training and wondering if I can do it legally using B1/B2 visa ? 
48218	UK type C visa originally obtained for tourism. Can it be used for attending work training?	In March, I obtained a multiple entry 180-day visa to go to the UK for tourism purposes. I did visit the UK in March and left after a week.  It just so happens that my new employer (I reside in Canada) would like me to visit their UK offices for a week of training.  Given that this is a multiple entry type C visa, would I have any problems doing so? 
48218	UK type C visa originally obtained for tourism. Can it be used for attending work training?	In March, I obtained a multiple entry 180-day visa to go to the UK for tourism purposes. I did visit the UK in March and left after a week.  It just so happens that my new employer (I reside in Canada) would like me to visit their UK offices for a week of training.  Given that this is a multiple entry type C visa, would I have any problems doing so? 
48222	Can I carry a non-mercury thermometer on plane?	So I found this multi-tool thing in my drawer, recently, which has:   A magnifying glass, allowed on-board, I think. A compass, also OK. and a thermometer, not OK.   However, the thermometer is covered in plastic very tightly and the liquid is red (mercury isn't red, is it?), so would that be OK on a plane? I don't need it, I am just curious if it is allowed and if there is anything I can do... 
48235	What kind of health cares do I need to have before traveling to Brazil and in Brazil?	Do I need any specific vaccinations or other kind of prophylaxis before traveling to Brazil?  In Brazil are there any specific cares I should have? specifically for Dengue?  I am going to Rio, but advice in other areas like Salvador is welcome. 
48250	How to get to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia) from Singapore?	I "heard" it was possible to go by plane or by ferry to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia).  I want to find the different ways to go from Singapore to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia) in order to choose the price/complexity ratio that suits me best.  Note: I am not planning to go to the Aceh region because of this: What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra? 
48250	How to get to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia) from Singapore?	I "heard" it was possible to go by plane or by ferry to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia).  I want to find the different ways to go from Singapore to Medan (Sumatra island, Indonesia) in order to choose the price/complexity ratio that suits me best.  Note: I am not planning to go to the Aceh region because of this: What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra? 
46082	31 days in Indonesia	We (2 guys in our early 20s) are going to Indonesia for 31 days in July-August. We have no contacts that have been to or are from Indonesia, so all our planning is based on things we read online. I want to know if the times are realistic and if we are taking everything into account.  Our interests are mostly nature (and animals) and old sight (temples and such). We have never been to Asia before. Diving, snorkeling and such doesn't interest us as we are not swimmers.  We plan to spend around 1 week in Java. Moving around with train (hopefully nice views from train?) we wanted to go to Borobudur, Prambanan, Candi Sukuh and Mt. Bromo.  After that we would head to Bali (plane or train+ferry+bus) to visit Mt. Agung and maybe relax one day on the famous beaches.  Then we "jump" to Lombok to see the Rinjani volcano and Gili Islands.  After this we fly to Labuan Bajo, to go on some tour to Komodo Islands (should we also go to Rinca Island?). There is also some trekking there that we might consider.  Finally we wanted to go to Kalimantan, because we heard that the Tanjung Puting national Park is amazing.   Finally head back to Jakarta and fly home.  Is it realistic (or too much/little) for 31 days? Is it fine to not book anything beforehand? We wanted to take it as we go (in case we change plans underway). Or is it required to prebook some tours or hotels?  Any info or help would be greatly appreciated, seeing how neither of us have tried such a trip before. 
46082	31 days in Indonesia	We (2 guys in our early 20s) are going to Indonesia for 31 days in July-August. We have no contacts that have been to or are from Indonesia, so all our planning is based on things we read online. I want to know if the times are realistic and if we are taking everything into account.  Our interests are mostly nature (and animals) and old sight (temples and such). We have never been to Asia before. Diving, snorkeling and such doesn't interest us as we are not swimmers.  We plan to spend around 1 week in Java. Moving around with train (hopefully nice views from train?) we wanted to go to Borobudur, Prambanan, Candi Sukuh and Mt. Bromo.  After that we would head to Bali (plane or train+ferry+bus) to visit Mt. Agung and maybe relax one day on the famous beaches.  Then we "jump" to Lombok to see the Rinjani volcano and Gili Islands.  After this we fly to Labuan Bajo, to go on some tour to Komodo Islands (should we also go to Rinca Island?). There is also some trekking there that we might consider.  Finally we wanted to go to Kalimantan, because we heard that the Tanjung Puting national Park is amazing.   Finally head back to Jakarta and fly home.  Is it realistic (or too much/little) for 31 days? Is it fine to not book anything beforehand? We wanted to take it as we go (in case we change plans underway). Or is it required to prebook some tours or hotels?  Any info or help would be greatly appreciated, seeing how neither of us have tried such a trip before. 
34792	Visa and Immigration delays on arrival in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia	Denpasar Airport in Bali recently expanded the international terminal. Prior to the expansion, arrival in the evening would usually be accompanied by an hour-plus wait to get a visa voucher and get through immigration due to the large amount of flights arriving around the same time.  Has the wait gotten more tolerable after the international terminal expansion, or is it more or less the same as before the airport expansion? 
44935	What do I need to know about traveling to Dubai during Ramadan?	I bought tickets to Dubai for the summer for a small vacation (first week of July). Unfortunately, I did not realize it was during Ramadan. I have been told by a few acquaintances that the laws in Dubai are especially strict during Ramadan and you can even receive citations for drinking water (given that it's almost the hottest month of the year, this seems miserable). Additionally, I have heard that many places are closed (such as bars/clubs) and there is far less to do in the city.   I will be traveling with my girlfriend. We were told by one of her friends in Dubai that she does not feel comfortable letting us stay with her because we are unmarried and she could be fined or get into legal trouble if she housed us.  I am not Muslim and do not follow any Muslim traditions/customs. Are any of these things true and would they apply to me as a foreigner? Is there any other useful information an ignorant American like me should know about the city during Ramadan with regards to the customs during that time? I would like to be as respectful as possible but I'd still like to have a good time in the city (or even neighboring cities). 
42874	How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?	I'm planning to go to Indonesia this summer. However, Ramadan, where Muslims have to fast during the daytime, is going to be from June 18th to July 16th this year (2015).   I'm planning to go to Bali, Java, Sumatra and Sulawesi. Except for Bali, all of those regions are predominantly islamic. I have heard that during the last week of Ramadan and the following week, most Muslims in Indonesia are on holiday and are visiting their home towns and families and that thus public transport is very overcrowded during this time.    How much is a traveler/backpacker affected by Ramadan? 
48256	How much is a visitor affected by Ramadan in Aceh (Indonesia) considering it has Sharia law?	The Aceh province, in Indonesia, applies the Sharia law all year round. It does impact a traveler's visit whether one likes it or not, as pointed out in What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra?  The Ramadan last for about one month every year, &amp; this is a highly spiritual time for Muslims all around the world. There is already a question regarding the Indonesia as a whole &amp; its impact on a visitor How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?  I suppose that the Aceh province does get even stricter than it already is the rest of year. If so, what does it mean for a visitor? 
48256	How much is a visitor affected by Ramadan in Aceh (Indonesia) considering it has Sharia law?	The Aceh province, in Indonesia, applies the Sharia law all year round. It does impact a traveler's visit whether one likes it or not, as pointed out in What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra?  The Ramadan last for about one month every year, &amp; this is a highly spiritual time for Muslims all around the world. There is already a question regarding the Indonesia as a whole &amp; its impact on a visitor How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?  I suppose that the Aceh province does get even stricter than it already is the rest of year. If so, what does it mean for a visitor? 
42874	How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?	I'm planning to go to Indonesia this summer. However, Ramadan, where Muslims have to fast during the daytime, is going to be from June 18th to July 16th this year (2015).   I'm planning to go to Bali, Java, Sumatra and Sulawesi. Except for Bali, all of those regions are predominantly islamic. I have heard that during the last week of Ramadan and the following week, most Muslims in Indonesia are on holiday and are visiting their home towns and families and that thus public transport is very overcrowded during this time.    How much is a traveler/backpacker affected by Ramadan? 
42874	How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?	I'm planning to go to Indonesia this summer. However, Ramadan, where Muslims have to fast during the daytime, is going to be from June 18th to July 16th this year (2015).   I'm planning to go to Bali, Java, Sumatra and Sulawesi. Except for Bali, all of those regions are predominantly islamic. I have heard that during the last week of Ramadan and the following week, most Muslims in Indonesia are on holiday and are visiting their home towns and families and that thus public transport is very overcrowded during this time.    How much is a traveler/backpacker affected by Ramadan? 
48242	What are the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law in Aceh, Sumatra?	It seems that Sharia law is now applied in the northern tip of Sumatra (Indonesia). That is, in the province of Aceh. The province of Aceh on Google Map.  Does anybody have experience traveling/living there? I want to know the restrictions imposed by the Sharia law (both for males &amp; females), hence the impact it would have on my daily life when traveling there (if going at all).  Note that traveling there during the Ramadan is something to be very aware of. See more on the dedicated question How much is a visitor affected by Ramadan in Aceh (Indonesia) considering it has Sharia law?  Resources:   https://twitter.com/radiantphysics/status/494292003904323584 http://www.worldcrunch.com/culture-society/in-indonesia-s-aceh-islamic-sharia-law-is-applied-harshly-and-hypocritically/c3s4218/#.VWRUXVmeDGc  
48261	Bringing only cash to Japan - Any tips on how I should protect the money?	I'll be bringing cash for a 20 day trip, and I'm changing it all to my port of departure (Australia).   So now, I have lots of yen in my wallet.   Any tips on how I should handle the money while moving around? I'll be staying in hostels (J-Hoppers, Hana Hostel, etc), and I'll mostly be travelling around by public transport and walking.  Is it safe to keep some in my bag back at the hostel? Should I bring it all, or should I bring only what I think I'll use for the day? 
48263	Should I carry my passport everywhere I go in Japan?	Because of this question, I remembered that I read somewhere that some places or bars in Japan ask for your passport for identification (Old article, can't find it now).   Should I bring it with me everywhere I go in Japan?    Post-trip update :  I got checked in JR Shinagawa Station (in Tokyo). Good thing I had my passport with me. 
48254	Traveling without paying lodging fees in America	I want to travel around the East Coast without paying for lodging.  I'd be willing to sleep in my car or even pitch a tent somewhere. Is this a problem?  Legal?  I really want to get to the beach this season but I’m afraid that lodging will be out of my price range.  Specifically Maryland, Delaware, maybe New Jersey or Virginia. 
48254	Traveling without paying lodging fees in America	I want to travel around the East Coast without paying for lodging.  I'd be willing to sleep in my car or even pitch a tent somewhere. Is this a problem?  Legal?  I really want to get to the beach this season but I’m afraid that lodging will be out of my price range.  Specifically Maryland, Delaware, maybe New Jersey or Virginia. 
48272	Can I cross the US/Canadian border with a copy of my US passport?	Can I cross the US/Canadian border with a copy of my passport? We left originals at our house in Florida because we didn't think we'd be going to Canada, but we'd like to go to Niagara Falls for a day. 
48274	Where can I report an airport security flaw / weakness?	I have just come back from a short trip to Italy and I was shocked to find some very lacking security practices at the airport I used to leave the country. I'm sure the things I noticed are all "personal" skills and wouldn't be due to lack of financial means or something similar. That's why I would like to report this somewhere.   It turns out this is somewhat diffcult to google, mainly because of the report part.  So in general, for all airports: Is there a specific site where I can leave a hint? Is it even sensible to report something like this or should I let them be?   I know levels of security can vary from airport to airport as was touched on in this question but there are mandatory standards, right? What can I do if I find a violation of those? 
48265	Can I enter a different schengen country before I enter the country of my student residence permit?	I have been accepted for a Masters degree in Finland. Because of this, I have already applied for the Finnish Residence Permit starting 1st August 2015. However, I wanted to visit Germany for a month before I start my master's study. I have been invited by a family friend for a month to travel and celebrate their grandparent's 50th anniversary.    When inquired about it at the Finnish embassy they mentioned that I cannot go to any other Schengen country before 1st August as I need to first enter Finland using my residence permit and then can go to any Schengen country. I also cannot apply for a separate German Schengen visa from 1st July 2015 to 31st July 2015 as one cannot hold two Schengen visas at the same time.   My doubt revolves around the last statement. Since the dates for my application to German Schengen visa doesn't overlap the Finland Residence permit dates, can I still apply for German tourist visa from 1st July to 31st July 2015? Also can I travel to Finland from Germany? 
48265	Can I enter a different schengen country before I enter the country of my student residence permit?	I have been accepted for a Masters degree in Finland. Because of this, I have already applied for the Finnish Residence Permit starting 1st August 2015. However, I wanted to visit Germany for a month before I start my master's study. I have been invited by a family friend for a month to travel and celebrate their grandparent's 50th anniversary.    When inquired about it at the Finnish embassy they mentioned that I cannot go to any other Schengen country before 1st August as I need to first enter Finland using my residence permit and then can go to any Schengen country. I also cannot apply for a separate German Schengen visa from 1st July 2015 to 31st July 2015 as one cannot hold two Schengen visas at the same time.   My doubt revolves around the last statement. Since the dates for my application to German Schengen visa doesn't overlap the Finland Residence permit dates, can I still apply for German tourist visa from 1st July to 31st July 2015? Also can I travel to Finland from Germany? 
48276	International connection at New Jersey airport	Flying in from Michigan to connect to an international flight going to Belfast Ireland . Is an hour an a half enough time and what terminal does this United flight leave from. I am flying alone and have never been at this airport any help would  be most appreciated . Thanks 
48290	Transit Visa & Baggage	I have an Indian Passport and also hold a US green card. I will be returning from India to US, via UK and changing terminals in London. I will be arriving at Terminal 5 from India and boarding my connecting US flight from terminal 2. Two questions: 1. Do i need a UK transit visa?  2. What about bags? Since i will be arriving by British Airways in Terminal 5 and boarding United Airlines from terminal 2  
48315	What SIM card should I buy for Canada and the USA	   This question has been marked as a duplicate. While it is very similar to another question, that questions doesn't have answers which specifically solve my problems: i.e., those answers do not recommend a SIM that I can buy in Canada and which will provide me with good-value texts, calls, and data in both Canada and the USA.   I'll be flying in to Victoria, BC at the end of next week, before traveling overland to Toronto and then over to the US; to Buffalo, and then on to the east coast. In total I'll be in North America for just under a month.  I'd like to get a SIM card that gives me data access for my iPhone 6 Plus. Ideally I would buy this in Victoria, and it would then work across Canada and into the US, without charging me roaming fees (or at the least, not charging excessive fees). I'd also like some calling and texting allowance, and preferably the ability to text UK numbers without running up huge charges.  What SIM card should I go for? If I have to I will buy two, one for Canada and another for the US, but I'd rather get one to cover both countries. 
48326	DXB (Dubai Internation Airport) Shuttle between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2	I am arriving on Terminal 1 at DXB. From where exactly I can get shuttle to Terminal 2? 
48336	Documentation required for US citizen to travel to Canada	My enhanced drivers license will not be here for another 2 weeks, I am from wa. state and want to go to Canada this week for a wedding shower.  I have the copy of the drivers License, my birth certificate..will I have any problems going and coming back in? 
48342	What to do in Chicago during an 8-hour stopover?	We are travelling from Ireland to Kansas with an 8 hour stopover at Chicago O'Hare (arriving Thursday at 12 noon) and leaving at 8 pm.    Can we leave the airport and what would you recommend we could do with those couple of hours? 
48349	How to tip housekeeping in hotels if leaving tips daily?	I just read a question and answer about tipping housekeeping daily (Should I leave cash tips for housekeeping each day of a multi-day stay?). But how should I physically give them the money? Obviously if I see them I can hand them the money but if I'm out for the day?   I guess I leave cash somewhere obvious, should I leave a note as well? What if it's a non-English speaking country (I'm not sure if you'd be expected to tip there, but maybe you want to). Is there some customary place to leave the tip?   As someone brought up in a generally non-tipping country I often have to work out how to tip, but in general you can just keep an eye on what everyone else does. Not in this case.  
48359	Can I roller-skate on bike paths in USA?	This question is sort of an extension of the question Is it safe to roller-skate on sidewalks in USA?.   If there are designated bike lanes in a city (say, Chicago and New York to prevent it from being broad), can I assume that its OK to skate (inline) on those too? 
42874	How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?	I'm planning to go to Indonesia this summer. However, Ramadan, where Muslims have to fast during the daytime, is going to be from June 18th to July 16th this year (2015).   I'm planning to go to Bali, Java, Sumatra and Sulawesi. Except for Bali, all of those regions are predominantly islamic. I have heard that during the last week of Ramadan and the following week, most Muslims in Indonesia are on holiday and are visiting their home towns and families and that thus public transport is very overcrowded during this time.    How much is a traveler/backpacker affected by Ramadan? 
48379	Where is it expected to tip housekeeping?	Following on from this question about how it is appropriate to tip housekeeping where it is expected. In what countries/regions is it expected to tip housekeeping? Does this expectation vary depending on the type of accomodation (eg Hostel/Bed &amp; Breakfast/Motel/Apartment/Aparthotel/Tourist Hotel/Business Hotel)? 
48362	Time from Terminal B to Terminal A at Newark Airport (EWR), considering immigration procedures	I will arrive at Terminal B at 12:30 PM via a Lufthansa flight from India after taking a stopover in Munich.And my next flight is from Terminal A at 16:59 to Indianapolis. Considering this is my first time to US, I will have to collect my baggages when I arrive at B, go through immigration, check my luggages back in and then hop on to the Airtrain and reach A. Given the time period, will it be enough for a smooth transit? Just so you know, this will be one single ticket. 
48375	Transit visa in Dubai (landing in XNB, leaving via DXB)	I am arriving in Dubai XNB at 6am from an Etihad flight. Then on 5pm, I am leaving Dubai on a Flydubai flight. Do I need a transit visa? (I'm Filipino so visa is always a constraint whenever we fly outside of Southeast Asia.)  I am asking because i have read conflicting accounts that I can ask for transit visa via Etihad since I am arriving from an Etihad flight.  
48386	Is it possible to check in plastic storage boxes on an Air Canada international flight?	I'm moving to Canada from New York and I'm just checking in baggage along with plastic storage boxes. I'm trying to figure out the safest and most secure way to close the boxes. Any suggestions? Is this even possible? I'm flying Air Canada. I'd really appreciate feedback, packing is stressful enough.  
48390	Schengen countries with special provisions for additional stay by US citizens	Some countries, like Denmark, have a special provision allowing US citizens to enter the country for 90 days within 180 days regardless of other stays in the Schengen area.  I heard this is true for Germany as well? Can anyone confirm this? I will be traveling in the Schengen area for 89 days before heading to Germany, and I do not want to be put on some sort of no entry list for violating the Schengen agreement. 
48390	Schengen countries with special provisions for additional stay by US citizens	Some countries, like Denmark, have a special provision allowing US citizens to enter the country for 90 days within 180 days regardless of other stays in the Schengen area.  I heard this is true for Germany as well? Can anyone confirm this? I will be traveling in the Schengen area for 89 days before heading to Germany, and I do not want to be put on some sort of no entry list for violating the Schengen agreement. 
48393	Living in Canada for a year: entering the US for a couple of short trips	From August onwards I'll be living in Canada under the WHP program, since I'll be close to the American border I would like to take multiple day (or longer trips, not longer than a week though) throughout the year. I read about entering the country by air on a ESTA and the "90 day" rule that starts when you enter America but also keeps going even if you're back in Canada.  However, I'm wondering if the same rules apply when you enter by land on the I-94 visa? Are the rules the same for this or can I enter throughout the year on a I-94 visa?  
48393	Living in Canada for a year: entering the US for a couple of short trips	From August onwards I'll be living in Canada under the WHP program, since I'll be close to the American border I would like to take multiple day (or longer trips, not longer than a week though) throughout the year. I read about entering the country by air on a ESTA and the "90 day" rule that starts when you enter America but also keeps going even if you're back in Canada.  However, I'm wondering if the same rules apply when you enter by land on the I-94 visa? Are the rules the same for this or can I enter throughout the year on a I-94 visa?  
48401	Things to do in 12 hour Night layover in Dubai?	I am looking for things to do in Dubai at night. I will be travelling in mid-June and will be arriving at 12.30 am. My connecting flight is at 1 pm next afternoon. I have glanced through the criteria for visa and I qualify to apply. I want to know what are the things that can be done in the time I have, provided I reach airport by 11 am for my connecting flight. I am more interested in sight seeing than sitting in pubs. Can anyone please guide me? Also what mode of transportation do you recommend considering a tight budget? 
48402	Is it possible to check-in a double stroller on a flight?	We will be migrating to another country, and want to bring our double stroller to our new home. We will be flying with our two kids on the flight.  Our double stroller basically looks like this, and it can be folded up to a smaller and more compact size.  Has anyone successfully transported a double stroller on a plane as check-in luggage? Is there any thing that we should do to make sure that the airline will not refuse to transport our stroller? 
48411	Transit visa for Munich	Do I need a visa on a South-African passport if in transit in Munich en route to St. Petersburg 
48422	Do I need a transit visa for Frankfurt if I (an Indian Citizen) am travelling from India to Nice (France)?	Travelling via Lufthansa. (Delhi-Frankfurt-Nice)  There would be a waiting time of 6 hours for  my flight from Frankfurt to Nice.    Do I need a transit VISA?  Information from Lufthansa website is not clear. 
48422	Do I need a transit visa for Frankfurt if I (an Indian Citizen) am travelling from India to Nice (France)?	Travelling via Lufthansa. (Delhi-Frankfurt-Nice)  There would be a waiting time of 6 hours for  my flight from Frankfurt to Nice.    Do I need a transit VISA?  Information from Lufthansa website is not clear. 
48437	How much time would I need to allow for transit in Newark	I need to travel from Montreal to Atlanta. I have seen two flights on the 5th August (flight 3502 and flight 1217). However, the time to change planes is very reduced (45 minutes). In Montreal, I will pass customs, so they would be like a domestic flights. Are 45 minutes enough? Would I need to pick up the luggage and check-in it again? 
48437	How much time would I need to allow for transit in Newark	I need to travel from Montreal to Atlanta. I have seen two flights on the 5th August (flight 3502 and flight 1217). However, the time to change planes is very reduced (45 minutes). In Montreal, I will pass customs, so they would be like a domestic flights. Are 45 minutes enough? Would I need to pick up the luggage and check-in it again? 
48445	Do I need a UK Transit Visa when my H-1B will expire the day after my travel?	I'm planning to travel to India departing USA on 23rd December 2015. My H-1B visa will expire on 25th December 2015. Can I travel on 24th December 2015 from London Heathrow to India Hyderabad?  My travel plan:    23rd Dec will start from USA    24th Dec arrive LHR 11:30 and depart LHR 13:45    25th Dec arrive in India 17:30   
48440	Converting tourist visa to working holiday visa	Am a dual nationality Australian/Japanese travelling to Europe this summer on a tourist visa. Is it possible to apply for a working holiday visa either while in Europe? 
48463	Transit Visa in Doha, Qatar	If you're traveling on a US passport leaving Dubai returning to the USA with a 2 hour layover changing planes in Doha, Qatar, do I need a Transit Visa? 
48456	Is Transit visa required for Doha layover?	My fiance is traveling from Dubai back to the USA with a layover in Doha, Qatar for two hours.    Does he need a Transit visa? 
48465	Traveling to turkey from Birmingham UK on Pakistan passport	Zurich stopover for 20 hrs . On return from Turkey to Birmingham.  Do I need visa transit to visit Zurich 
48504	Do I need a transit visa through France	I am currently Chinese citizen studying in Canada, I am booking a flight from Canada to Beijing via France. In Paris I have to wait for more than 8 hours for the next connection flight to Beijing. Do I need a Transit Visa in France?  I am not sure whether the baggage claim would make me have to get into the country.  The tag already told me to look for answer in another article, I will move to that. 
48538	Which country visa should i apply to? - Schengen	My port of entry and exit is Frankfurt, Germany. However i will only be spending a day or two there. I am visiting Spain and Portugal for a week each. So should I be applying to Spain embassy or German embassy? I am an Indian citizen. 
48536	Can I wear a bulletproof vest while traveling on British Airways from Heathrow?	I'll be wearing it all the time anyway once I arrive at my hostile destination but how about wearing it during the flight? It makes sense to wear it in case someone try to hijack the plane. 
48538	Which country visa should i apply to? - Schengen	My port of entry and exit is Frankfurt, Germany. However i will only be spending a day or two there. I am visiting Spain and Portugal for a week each. So should I be applying to Spain embassy or German embassy? I am an Indian citizen. 
48538	Which country visa should i apply to? - Schengen	My port of entry and exit is Frankfurt, Germany. However i will only be spending a day or two there. I am visiting Spain and Portugal for a week each. So should I be applying to Spain embassy or German embassy? I am an Indian citizen. 
48574	Can I travel through Schengen zone with a visa obtained for presentation of an academic paper in a conference?	If I obtain a visa to present my work at a language conference in Poland, will I be allowed to travel to other member states as well? 
48414	I am on Tier2 visa in UK (from India) with my family. We want to visit France and other European Coutries. What should we do for visa?	I work for a University in the UK (Northern Ireland) as a member of Research Staff on a Tier2 visa (2 years multiple entry). I am from India, and hold Indian Citizenship. I also have my wife and daughter with me in Northern Ireland. We have just completed my 1st year. We want to travel other European countries during our time here but we are not sure if we need any kind of special visa for that. We are planning to visit Paris this summer. Could you please let me know where I can get right information for this and what should I do. 
48536	Can I wear a bulletproof vest while traveling on British Airways from Heathrow?	I'll be wearing it all the time anyway once I arrive at my hostile destination but how about wearing it during the flight? It makes sense to wear it in case someone try to hijack the plane. 
48579	Older US dollars not accepted everywhere?	I've seen lately that US paper money (bills/notes) older than the 2003 series is not accepted in some countries, or maybe just at major banks. Does anyone know anything how common this is, what countries etc?    (I don't live in the USA. I have some older US cash and am planning a trip.  That's why I ask.) 
831	Roughly how long does the Pamir Highway take to do?	I'm heading into Tajikistan on Friday (to Dushanbe).  I aim to go around to Khorog and then via the Pamir highway to Kyrgyzstan.  I'm unsure as to how long to allow for this part of the trip, or how to go about doing it.  I assume I'll run into more information as I hit the country, but in the meantime I hoped someone on here would have more info.  I have applied for the required permit, and have a 30 day visa for both countries.  However, I'm a bit behind schedule so would like to be quick, but don't want to rush it either.  Does anyone have some estimates on the minimum length of time required for a single traveler?  (I'm claiming this isn't ambiguous as I'm after the minimum, rather than some flaky 'how long does it take' - some could happily take 6 months to do it!) 
48587	Must I register if I am not required to have a visa for entering Russia?	I am an Argentinean citizen who arrived in Russia three weeks ago. At Moscow my passport was stamped and I was given a migratory card:        I have read that tourists must register once they enter Russian territory but The Russian Federation does not require visas for Argentines, so am I required to register if I don't have (nor need) a visa?  If I am, and considering it's been a lot more than seven days since I entered, what would you recommend me to do? 
48605	Can a Muslim woman visit Medina Mosques as tourist independently?	I’m a Muslim girl from Romania. How can I get a visa to visit the Prophet’s Mosque in Medina, Saudi Arabia? 
44647	Are the Schengen "airport transit visa" even checked?	I was reading about Schengen transit visas today, and in an answer I saw that Schengen requires some people to have an airport transit visa. This visa is apparently for entering the international transit area of airports located in Schengen, i.e. not entering the Schengen area, not crossing any border.  This means that to just get out of the plane that brought you there, you will need a visa. In the answer, it is mentioned that it is the duty of the airline that flew you there to check for this visa, that they risk a fine.  But, in fact, as far as I know, airline crew is not entitled to perform any police/border duty, is it? In many cases they check the passengers' passports to make sure passengers are allowed at their destination because airlines are supposed to carry the passengers back if passengers are not allowed (I vaguely remember reading about this), but I am not sure airlines are allowed to deny any passenger to board for lack of visa.  On top of that, there is no control directly at the exit of a plane in Schengen area, so if a passenger merely transits in the international area, it is not even possible to control this person was there.  So, is this airport transit visa rule actually enforced?  
48634	90 day stay in France	If a visitor stays less than 90 days in France, the visitor plans to stay 77 days, how soon can this visitor return to France?? Is it the required 90 day time frame, then the visitor can return, or is it 77 days, etc???  
48634	90 day stay in France	If a visitor stays less than 90 days in France, the visitor plans to stay 77 days, how soon can this visitor return to France?? Is it the required 90 day time frame, then the visitor can return, or is it 77 days, etc???  
48646	Importing a brand new laptop in the UK from the US. Can it be confiscated by customs if undeclared?	Next October I going to the US from the UK. I want to buy a Macbook Pro as it's much cheaper over there. I was going to take it out of it original packaging and put it in a laptop holder. My question is, can they confiscate it? 
48661	Do Mongolians still prefer receiving hard copy photos?	The seventh edition of Lonely Planet Mongolia recommends that people taking photos of Mongolians should offer to repay the favour by printing the photos out and snail mailing it to them.  The concept of repaying the favour seems fair enough, but the mention of a hard copy and snail mail seems more suitable to a bye gone era (page 123 quotes archeologist Jamsranjav Bayarsaikhan recommending bringing a Polaroid camera, which I think are no longer manufactured).  Yes, I'm aware that many Mongolians are nomadic, but I would have thought that'd mean they'd be more likely to prefer electronic copy.  Should I offer to, and be prepared for, printing out and mailing photos? 
48674	Which countries would allow me to remote work while I am travelling there	I am planning to go travelling extensively for the next few months. I am employed in a company that allows me to work remotely, I can do my job from any place that has an internet connection.   The countries I'm thinking of travelling to are those for which I would not require a visa, so I don't think "tourist visa" or "business visa" issues apply to me.   I have heard that there are countries which do not allow remote workers to work while they are in that country, but I'm having trouble finding out specifically which countries those are.   Can anyone give me more information regarding this or point to a place where I could get more information? If it helps, the countries I'm thinking of going to are Israel, Brazil, and Colombia. 
48674	Which countries would allow me to remote work while I am travelling there	I am planning to go travelling extensively for the next few months. I am employed in a company that allows me to work remotely, I can do my job from any place that has an internet connection.   The countries I'm thinking of travelling to are those for which I would not require a visa, so I don't think "tourist visa" or "business visa" issues apply to me.   I have heard that there are countries which do not allow remote workers to work while they are in that country, but I'm having trouble finding out specifically which countries those are.   Can anyone give me more information regarding this or point to a place where I could get more information? If it helps, the countries I'm thinking of going to are Israel, Brazil, and Colombia. 
48628	Transfer between Milan airports: Malpensa - Linate	Recently I've booked a flight with a layover in Milan. I've realized that the transfer is between different Milan airports: Malpensa (MXP) and Linate (LIN).  I've already found a shuttle bus to transfer: http://www.malpensashuttle.it/   Maybe someone can suggest any cheaper and faster way to get from one airport to another (3 adults, 2 kids)? If I have some 9-10 hours between the flights maybe it's worth making my route through the city center?   
38341	Entering France on German issued Schengen Visa (South African passport)	I have a South African passport and valid visas' for the UK and Schengen. My trip is to the UK for a week then to Germany for two weeks. I'm staying in Germany for those two weeks and not going to any other Schengen states.  My Schengen visa was issued by German embassy and they have given me a multiple-entry three week visa staring from when I actually arrive in the UK. My UK visa also allows multiple entries.  Now plans have changed and I may need to go to Paris for 3 days while I'm in the UK. (The dates all fall within my allocated Schengen visa dates that I'm allowed to be in Germany so I do not have a date issue.) Is this OK? Will I have trouble with getting into France and then returning to the UK after the three day trip? My problem is that on my Schengen visa application I never said I was going to go France at all?  If its too much of a mission I'd rather not risk it but just thought I'd ask if this was in fact allowed. 
48719	Public shower options in Munich?	Now that I've made sure that sleeping in a parked car is legal in Munich, I need to find a place to shower during our stay.  Is it possible to take a shower somewhere in Munich for less than 10EUR? Ideally the showers would be close to the Oktoberfest location. 
48691	Small rip in one of the internal pages in Indian passport	I live in the US and need to travel to India next month. I just realized one of the internal pages is ripped. Does that mean I cannot travel ?   Passport processing is taking upto 8 weeks and tatkal is not possible unless you have an emergency. Please advice 
48726	Online cruise search tool allowing to exclude some ports	This question is a narrowing from this one. When searching online for cruises, ther are some ports that I just can't or don't wish to go. For instance, I might not have a visa for a specific country, or simply I've been to one port, didn't like and prefer not to go there anymore.  Does anyone know an online cruise search tool that allows to exclude some ports in the itinerary? 
48728	Europe to USA: How come a detour within Star Alliance cuts the price in half?	I just found out that going round trip FRA to SFO directly with Lufthansa is 1100 Euro, while Turkish Airlines (layover in IST) will charge only about 600 Euro.  On the flip side, going round trip IST to SFO directly with Turkish Airlines is 1100 Euro, while Lufthansa (layover in FRA) will charge only about 600 Euro.  Moreover, can I book IST-FRA-SFO, but only take the FRA-SFO legs to save time and money while going FRA to SFO? 
48728	Europe to USA: How come a detour within Star Alliance cuts the price in half?	I just found out that going round trip FRA to SFO directly with Lufthansa is 1100 Euro, while Turkish Airlines (layover in IST) will charge only about 600 Euro.  On the flip side, going round trip IST to SFO directly with Turkish Airlines is 1100 Euro, while Lufthansa (layover in FRA) will charge only about 600 Euro.  Moreover, can I book IST-FRA-SFO, but only take the FRA-SFO legs to save time and money while going FRA to SFO? 
48731	Can I extend my 45-day visa in Spain?	I am a Turkish citizen. I have a 45-day Greek Schengen tourist visa. Can I extend my visa for 5 days in Spain? 
48731	Can I extend my 45-day visa in Spain?	I am a Turkish citizen. I have a 45-day Greek Schengen tourist visa. Can I extend my visa for 5 days in Spain? 
48722	Lost Passport with Schengen visa in France - need to travel to italy - Applying for a new schengen from Italian embassy while in france	I did see a couple of questions which are similar but I still see no clear/concrete answer, hence I am asking it again.  I am a student from India here in Grenoble, France on an internship for the months. And I lost my passport the day I got here (sucks… i know :/). I had a type C visa on it, which was issued on 12-05-2015. So, it is (I think) still valid.  I registered a complaint at the police station, I got a new passport from the embassy at Paris. As of now, things seem better.   The unfortunate complication is, I need to travel to Italy for a workshop at the end of June. And my question would basically be, how would I do this without a visa. Would I have to apply for a new visa or is there some way that I can get it reissued?  Point to note: I will be going to Italy on road via Geneva. (The organisers of the workshop have arranged for buses from Geneva, so I will have to go there first)  I contacted the French consulate in India, directed me to go the prefecture here. A friend of mine (local) had gone to the prefecture, and they gave the impression that they would not do anything about it (even after reading the mail from the prefecture). But he said, that they told him I am allowed to continue staying in France (he said Schengen zone but I am not sure if he said that or the prefecture did) as my visa is valid.  I (actually my friend) then contacted the French consulate again, who said that it is forbidden to travel to without a visa. They were talking about some sort of stamps that would be put in Switzerland (I don't clearly understand cause the mails were in French). They said that at best the would ensure that I can stay in France without any problems.  Now I guess the next logical step maybe to apply for a visa at the Italian consulate, but the weirdest part is there is no mention about how to apply for visas in the website of the Italian consulate. They only have sections suggesting how to apply for new passports and mostly are directed only to Italian nationals.   Sorry for the long post. Any help will be seriously appreciated. I was of the impression that since I am already in the Schengen area, it would not be an issue to travel to Italy. But the response from the French consulate in India worries me.  
48735	How significant are advance purchase discounts on Dutch and Belgian railways?	I am deciding between   Benelux railpass Purchasing point-to-point tickets in advance, which I assume commits us to a specific dates and times Buying shortly before use, which is mid-August   The itinerary is (likely) Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp-Ghent-Brussels. (Then Brussels to London by Eurostar. That date I can probably commit to.)  Buying tickets now is clearly cheaper than a 4-day in a month railpass, not even close, even using Rail Europe which is not the best source. But buying tickets then? (The railpass also means I don't have to worry about those pesky Dutch ticket kiosks versus my USA credit card.) 
48756	Can Indians on UK tourist visa apply for Schengen tourist visa in London?	We are Indians and will be visiting UK on short-stay visas for about 5 months. Can we apply for Schengen tourist visas while we are in London? 
48759	Breakfast places in Munich that open at 6AM or earlier on the weekends?	It seems that visitors should queue as early as 8AM in order to get into the Oktoberfest tents on the weekends without a reservation.  This means breakfast must be completed before 7AM to leave enough time to get to Theresienwiese. Are there any breakfast places in Munich that open as early as 6AM?  By breakfast I mean a place that serves omeletes or porridge, or at least a salad along with donuts and coffee. 
48669	Is it legal to sleep in a parked car on the streets of Munich?	Oktoberfest is the world's largest beer festival held annually in Munich, Germany. Being the largest beer festival means accommodation during the festival is either super-expensive or hard to book within a short notice. Showers,  breakfast, lunch and beer are available without reservation, so a place to sleep is the only problem.  My friend has a small minivan which is convenient enough for sleeping. Would it be legal to find a quiet parking space somewhere (relatively) close to Oktoberfest and just sleep in the van? Bonus points for recommending a good spot to park in that area. 
48669	Is it legal to sleep in a parked car on the streets of Munich?	Oktoberfest is the world's largest beer festival held annually in Munich, Germany. Being the largest beer festival means accommodation during the festival is either super-expensive or hard to book within a short notice. Showers,  breakfast, lunch and beer are available without reservation, so a place to sleep is the only problem.  My friend has a small minivan which is convenient enough for sleeping. Would it be legal to find a quiet parking space somewhere (relatively) close to Oktoberfest and just sleep in the van? Bonus points for recommending a good spot to park in that area. 
48669	Is it legal to sleep in a parked car on the streets of Munich?	Oktoberfest is the world's largest beer festival held annually in Munich, Germany. Being the largest beer festival means accommodation during the festival is either super-expensive or hard to book within a short notice. Showers,  breakfast, lunch and beer are available without reservation, so a place to sleep is the only problem.  My friend has a small minivan which is convenient enough for sleeping. Would it be legal to find a quiet parking space somewhere (relatively) close to Oktoberfest and just sleep in the van? Bonus points for recommending a good spot to park in that area. 
48772	My flight is changed to include an overnight layover, can I claim compensation from airline?	I booked a flight a few months ago using an online booking agent (cheaptickets) from Zhangjiajie (China) to Chiang Mai (Thailand). The flight details were as followed:   9h50 Zhangjiajie - 11h25 Guangzhou   A stop for 4h35   16h00 Guangzhou - 17h50 Chiang Mai   Yesterday the booking agent mailed me stating that China Southern Airlines changed their flights and asked me to send them an agreement for the proposed changes. The new changes are:   19h50 Zhangjiajie - 21h30 Guangzhou   A stop for 11h10 (so +1 day)  8h40 Guangzhou - 10h25 Chiang Mai   This is clearly a disadvantage for me, because I don't want less time in Chiang Mai and I don't want more time in Zhangjiajie. So I replied and said that I didn't agree with the changes and I just got a response stating that this is my best option.    Am I allowed to ask for some sort of compensation, because of this? Although it's probably the China Southern Airlines' responsibility.  Or could I ask them to put me on a flight earlier which has a stop in Guangzhou for 18 hours, so I can at least explore the city a bit?  Are there other options or factors I should keep in mind or that I can do?    Note: My other flight from Brussels to Beijing with Hainan Airlines (using the same booking agent) also changed 2 days ago, but the changes were not that drastic.   Edit: I ended up getting a flight a day earlier (which I mailed them for) so I had 18 hours in Guangzhou so I can explore it a little bit. They had to check this first with the airlines and it was approved. Since it was a change of the airlines (which they can apparently make any time) I didn't get a compensation or something.  
48760	German national visa (Type D), but entry through another Schengen country?	Disclaimer: This might be a duplicate post, but while looking up this question I did not find a response that would put my mind to peace   Hi, I am an Indian student studying in Berlin just for fall semester. I was wondering if I can enter through The Netherlands (Amsterdam) a week before my course begins in Berlin on a German National Visa- type D?   Will the National visa (Type D) visa restrict me to enter Germany first? I know I can travel to other Schengen countries using my visa, but I am just fretting I will be rejected entry through Amsterdam and I have already booked my flights 
48778	How can I determine if I need an International Driving Permit?	Several of the existing answers on the matter of the IDP point to the advantage of it being in a Latin script and thus easier for foreign police and car rental agencies to verify. Generally there is also at least one answer saying you don't need one.  Examples:   What is an International Driver&#39;s License? Are international driving licences really necessary for any country?   But mingled in with all the YAGNI (especially for someone like me whose license is in English) is the recurring "it depends on the country" thread. So I checked what my government has to say and for some countries it says "an International Driving Permit is recommended, but ..." and goes on to explain that you can use your home license for some period of time, while for others it just says "an International Driving Permit is recommended." And then finally some say "An International Driving Permit is required." What even is the difference between recommended and required in this context?  And is this the last word on the matter? Is there some authoritative list I can consult? So far, of the 9 or 10 countries I plan to visit (depending on whether you count the Cook Islands as part of New Zealand or not) on this trip, I only plan to drive in 3 or 4: Vanuatu (recommended), Samoa (have to get a local one on arrival), Tahiti (required), and the Cook Islands (have to get a local one). If I don't plan to drive in Tahiti perhaps I don't need to get one.  (Yes, the prudent thing to do would be to go get one. But it can only be done in person and it's at least an hour away so for both of us to troop off on this errand to obtain an unnecessary piece of paper just bugs me. As a result, I would like to know how to know so I don't waste my time on a fools errand.)  Not tagging with countries because the point of the question is how to settle this in general, rather than getting the details of any particular country. 
48778	How can I determine if I need an International Driving Permit?	Several of the existing answers on the matter of the IDP point to the advantage of it being in a Latin script and thus easier for foreign police and car rental agencies to verify. Generally there is also at least one answer saying you don't need one.  Examples:   What is an International Driver&#39;s License? Are international driving licences really necessary for any country?   But mingled in with all the YAGNI (especially for someone like me whose license is in English) is the recurring "it depends on the country" thread. So I checked what my government has to say and for some countries it says "an International Driving Permit is recommended, but ..." and goes on to explain that you can use your home license for some period of time, while for others it just says "an International Driving Permit is recommended." And then finally some say "An International Driving Permit is required." What even is the difference between recommended and required in this context?  And is this the last word on the matter? Is there some authoritative list I can consult? So far, of the 9 or 10 countries I plan to visit (depending on whether you count the Cook Islands as part of New Zealand or not) on this trip, I only plan to drive in 3 or 4: Vanuatu (recommended), Samoa (have to get a local one on arrival), Tahiti (required), and the Cook Islands (have to get a local one). If I don't plan to drive in Tahiti perhaps I don't need to get one.  (Yes, the prudent thing to do would be to go get one. But it can only be done in person and it's at least an hour away so for both of us to troop off on this errand to obtain an unnecessary piece of paper just bugs me. As a result, I would like to know how to know so I don't waste my time on a fools errand.)  Not tagging with countries because the point of the question is how to settle this in general, rather than getting the details of any particular country. 
48785	Travel to France from Non-EU countries with a Dutch residence permit?	I'm not a EU citizen but holding a Dutch residence permit which allows me to travel within Schengen countries. But I'm wondering, instead of traveling from one Schengen country to another, is it also possible to travel to any Schengen country from a non-EU country with the Dutch residence permit?  Or do I have to go to Netherlands first, and then travel to another Schengen country? 
48669	Is it legal to sleep in a parked car on the streets of Munich?	Oktoberfest is the world's largest beer festival held annually in Munich, Germany. Being the largest beer festival means accommodation during the festival is either super-expensive or hard to book within a short notice. Showers,  breakfast, lunch and beer are available without reservation, so a place to sleep is the only problem.  My friend has a small minivan which is convenient enough for sleeping. Would it be legal to find a quiet parking space somewhere (relatively) close to Oktoberfest and just sleep in the van? Bonus points for recommending a good spot to park in that area. 
48791	Going to France and Italy - what payment forms are preferred?	Can I get by In Paris and Rome by carrying very little cash and using the credit card for every little souvenir, tour and food purchase? Or should I prefer paying in cash for both Paris and Rome? How widely accepted/common are payments by card? 
48791	Going to France and Italy - what payment forms are preferred?	Can I get by In Paris and Rome by carrying very little cash and using the credit card for every little souvenir, tour and food purchase? Or should I prefer paying in cash for both Paris and Rome? How widely accepted/common are payments by card? 
48096	Strategy for a Schengen visa application: Attending a course + a bit of tourism	I'm an Indian national, and I will be travelling to Milan in July, for a summer University session at Bocconi University.   During my stay there I'm planning a trip across the Alps to Switzerland and maybe Germany over the weekends that I will have to myself, or after the end of the session.   I'm aware that the Schengen visa allows free movement across 29 countries in the Euro area, but how free is it, exactly?   What do I need to fill in on the 22nd entry on the application form, that is 'member states of destination', given that this plan may or may not take shape (it might even transcend to Belgium if I have time) ?  Secondly, on the acceptance letter from Bocconi, the duration of the session is explicitly stated as 24 days. This is the only official letter that I have stating that they will support my stay in Italy. So I am in two minds about filling in the duration of my stay on the form. I want to extend it by a few days, just in case I want to roam around a bit more. What should be the way to go here? 
48836	Length of stay in the Schengen area with a Turkish “special passport”	I have a Turkish “special passport” which exempts me from the requirement to hold a visa for the Schengen area.  My arrival date is: 13 June 2015, 11.00am My departure date is: 10 September 2015, 11.55pm  Do these dates exceed the limit of stay in the Schengen area? 
48842	Missing a flight - a way around the penalty?	I booked and paid for a round trip non-stop ticket from Brussels to NY and back for my daughter's wedding.  Since then, I found out that I actually have to get there earlier than originally planned.   I figured that's not such  a big problem, I'll get a one way to the states and come back on my original ticket. Only I was just informed that if I don't take the first flight, they'll cancel my return.    So I looked into a way around this.  They can cancel my first flight for me, for an additional charge, and leave my return flight as is. The cost of the round trip ticket was $513 USD.  To make the change of cancelling the first leg, they will charge me an additional $2,406.60 USD. This is absolutely absurd, abusive and dishonest. They already have my money. If I don't occupy that seat, there is no additional cost to them.  Anyone know of a good way around this? 
48865	How long should I wait to reapply after refusal of Visa in UK?	My mom &amp; I applied for visit visa to attend my sisters wedding. She got hers approved but mine was denied. She needs to be accompanied bec she is old now. The consul said that I lack some documents &amp; my stay in UK doesn't match my mom stay there. I plan to stay in UK for a month or less but mom wants to stay in UK for 1-3 months. I am planning to re-apply, should I also put that I will stay for 1-3 months like my mom? And I have the documents that they needed. I just got my visa refusal letter &amp; passport yesterday. How long should I wait to re-apply? Will it take 3-6 months to re-apply? Thanks 
48865	How long should I wait to reapply after refusal of Visa in UK?	My mom &amp; I applied for visit visa to attend my sisters wedding. She got hers approved but mine was denied. She needs to be accompanied bec she is old now. The consul said that I lack some documents &amp; my stay in UK doesn't match my mom stay there. I plan to stay in UK for a month or less but mom wants to stay in UK for 1-3 months. I am planning to re-apply, should I also put that I will stay for 1-3 months like my mom? And I have the documents that they needed. I just got my visa refusal letter &amp; passport yesterday. How long should I wait to re-apply? Will it take 3-6 months to re-apply? Thanks 
48865	How long should I wait to reapply after refusal of Visa in UK?	My mom &amp; I applied for visit visa to attend my sisters wedding. She got hers approved but mine was denied. She needs to be accompanied bec she is old now. The consul said that I lack some documents &amp; my stay in UK doesn't match my mom stay there. I plan to stay in UK for a month or less but mom wants to stay in UK for 1-3 months. I am planning to re-apply, should I also put that I will stay for 1-3 months like my mom? And I have the documents that they needed. I just got my visa refusal letter &amp; passport yesterday. How long should I wait to re-apply? Will it take 3-6 months to re-apply? Thanks 
48868	Traveling from Chicago to Mumbai connecting at London and Munich. Do I need transit visa?	I am Indian citizen in U.S. on student visa. I am traveling from Chicago to Mumbai via London and Munich. I have 1.30 transit time at London and Munich. I am quite sure I don't need schengen visa. But little confused about DATV at UK. As per flight ticket I won't be changing terminal at London or Munich. I have entered US on 28 January as per DS-160 record. Any help with this itinerary would be highly appreciated. 
48885	Can any of the Game of Thrones Castles in Ireland be Visited?	Westeros is a fictional locale in the popular 'Game of Thrones' series. Its stock footage for some castles is filmed in the Republic of Ireland.  I would like to travel to Westeros for my next vacation, and I am wondering if any of the historically important places are open for tourists. In particular, I would be interested in finding out whether the ruins of Winterfell are accessible, and if so, whether I can get a guided tour there.  Also, I wonder if it is possible to stay overnight in any of those places, for instance, do they offer rooms now in the Twins or in the Eyrie? 
48885	Can any of the Game of Thrones Castles in Ireland be Visited?	Westeros is a fictional locale in the popular 'Game of Thrones' series. Its stock footage for some castles is filmed in the Republic of Ireland.  I would like to travel to Westeros for my next vacation, and I am wondering if any of the historically important places are open for tourists. In particular, I would be interested in finding out whether the ruins of Winterfell are accessible, and if so, whether I can get a guided tour there.  Also, I wonder if it is possible to stay overnight in any of those places, for instance, do they offer rooms now in the Twins or in the Eyrie? 
2026	Couldn't return papers to border officials last time. Should I be afraid when going back to USA?	Three years ago I was on holidays in Canada and visited the Niagara Falls. I also went to the American side of the falls and got something like a "short-term visa". I also got a green paper with all my information (name, passport number, etc.) which I should give back at the border when leaving USA again.  When I got back from the USA side of the falls, the border was abandoned. Therefore I couldn't give the green paper back to the officials. Now I'm really a bit afraid that in their computer system I still haven't left the USA.  Next summer I plan to visit USA again. Can I get into trouble at the border? 
48895	Can I transit through Frankfurt to Romania without a Schengen visa?	I am applying for a Romanian Short Stay Visa. I have a valid US visa. I am travelling from the US to Romania. Typically, I would need a Schengen Visa if I need to go to a Schengen Zone as my nationality is Indian.  My flight is US - Frankfurt - Romania. Can I transit through Frankfurt to Romania without a Schengen visa?  I see most answers from this link Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area?  But what I am not sure is:   Can you transfer without leaving the international area of the airport?   Question: Can I go to a Romania from Frankfurt without leaving the international area? 
48868	Traveling from Chicago to Mumbai connecting at London and Munich. Do I need transit visa?	I am Indian citizen in U.S. on student visa. I am traveling from Chicago to Mumbai via London and Munich. I have 1.30 transit time at London and Munich. I am quite sure I don't need schengen visa. But little confused about DATV at UK. As per flight ticket I won't be changing terminal at London or Munich. I have entered US on 28 January as per DS-160 record. Any help with this itinerary would be highly appreciated. 
40251	Can an Indian citizen on B1/B2 tourist visa in the US, apply for a schengen visa in the US?	I am leaving India for the US and plan to tour Europe on my way back from the US. However, I believe I can't apply for a Schengen visa in India before leaving to Europe because I would be staying in the US for six months - longer than the validity of the schengen visa.  Thus I am curious if I can apply for a schengen visa from the US, while touring the US on a B1/B2 tourist visa. 
48939	Staying in Schengen after student visa expires	I have a question. I'm a USA citizen with a student visa issued in Sweden that expires on the 30 of June. However, I am planning on leaving Schengen (through Sweden) and returning after the 30 of June to Spain.  Will I be able to enter Spain using my 90 tourist days?  I read that time spent under a residence permit does not count towards those 90 days, however I would like to confirm this. 
48939	Staying in Schengen after student visa expires	I have a question. I'm a USA citizen with a student visa issued in Sweden that expires on the 30 of June. However, I am planning on leaving Schengen (through Sweden) and returning after the 30 of June to Spain.  Will I be able to enter Spain using my 90 tourist days?  I read that time spent under a residence permit does not count towards those 90 days, however I would like to confirm this. 
48936	Is it possible to enter the USA from Canada without having a return flight from USA, only from Canada?	I'm planning a trip of under a month from Europe to North America, with flights reserved to and from Vancouver. I'm planning to spend a little time in Vancouver, then cross from Canada to USA by land, probably by train. (I will obtain an ESTA beforehand.) Then, I'm going to drive southwards on the coast, and ultimately fly back to Vancouver, and then back home.  As I want to retain some flexibility about my travel plans, I'm not planning to buy a flight back to Vancouver until I'm in the USA and know which city I'll be departing from.  As I understand, US border officials generally want to make sure that tourists plan to return home. So the question is: might this plan of not buying a return flight from the USA before seeking entry (while having a reserved return flight from Vancouver) present a problem?  Bonus points: Is it OK to have just a credit card, no travellers' cheques or cash when entering the USA? Given that one can get cash from ATMs with a credit card.  Added on edit: this question differs a bit from Entering the USA by land border in that I'm asking about whether my return flight from Vancouver would be sufficient to demonstrate to the US border officials that I don't intend to misuse my tourist status. 
48947	International age	If I turn, say, 18 at home, and immediately travel westwards into a different time zone where it's still the previous day, will I be legally 17 or 18 there?  And if 17, how would that affect e.g. any rules that would require me to be of age for that specific journey (can't think of any specifics, and yes this is getting rather academical now).  This question is about the legal aspects, not the practical side of how to actually do it. 
26539	Schengen visa from UK for Indian citizen	I am an Indian citizen holding a regular passport, can I apply for a Schengen visa from within the UK? 
48967	How do I book flights Boston area to St. Thomas to Seattle to Boston area?	How do I book flights Boston area to St. Thomas to Seattle to Boston area?  Which site allows me to put in this A to B to C to A itinerary for cost and convenience comparisons? 
48972	transit visa through madrid, spain	I was hoping I could get my question answered here. I am a Nigerian citizen going to the US for a vacation with my children from July to September. I have a valid US visitor visa that expires in November 2015. My ticket was booked on Iberia, requiring me to connect in Madrid. Will I  need a transit visa to be able to use this ticket? Thanks. 
48984	Does my husband need to apply for Schengen visa if he has an indefinite leave to remain?	My husband is a Sri Lankan national with a Sri Lankan passport. He holds an indefinite leave to remain in the UK (card). Our 3 kids and I have British passports, we are all going to go to France. Does he (my husband) need to apply for a Schengen visa before travelling to France?  
49001	skipping the first part of a stop over	I have flight booking  SIN - KUL(stopover) - CDG  Its on December 17. SIN - KUL is at 11am, Paris flight is 11pm so almost an 11 hour stopover.  Now I'm booking another flight. MLE-KUL(stopover)-SIN.   It lands in KUL December 17th 6am.   So now my question is can I skip the KUL-SIN part of my MLE-JUL-SIN journey thereby also skipping the SIN-KUL part of my SIN-KUL-CDG flight.   *Its Malaysian Airlines *Its booked this way because the alternative routes are very expensive even if i picked the same exact flights.   Thanks. 
49010	Schengen rules for Australian travelling Europe for 2 years?	Can anyone tell me if this is possible:   I want to travel Europe for approx 2 years. (Not working, I will be able to show bank statements to prove i can support myself at each immigration point). With an Australian Passport I do not need to apply for a Schengen Visa, but the 90/90 rule still applies. If I abide by the law and exit and re-enter within the 90 day periods, is this ok?  I would stay approx 2 months in each country (Schengen then non-Schengen and repeat), to coincide with my fiance's work roster, he'll be working in Africa and meeting me on his breaks e.g. 2 months in Spain, 2 months in Ireland, 2 months in Croatia, 2 months in Greece, etc.  I cant find any clear information on wether they will refuse entry after re-entering Schengen countries so many times? 
49010	Schengen rules for Australian travelling Europe for 2 years?	Can anyone tell me if this is possible:   I want to travel Europe for approx 2 years. (Not working, I will be able to show bank statements to prove i can support myself at each immigration point). With an Australian Passport I do not need to apply for a Schengen Visa, but the 90/90 rule still applies. If I abide by the law and exit and re-enter within the 90 day periods, is this ok?  I would stay approx 2 months in each country (Schengen then non-Schengen and repeat), to coincide with my fiance's work roster, he'll be working in Africa and meeting me on his breaks e.g. 2 months in Spain, 2 months in Ireland, 2 months in Croatia, 2 months in Greece, etc.  I cant find any clear information on wether they will refuse entry after re-entering Schengen countries so many times? 
49010	Schengen rules for Australian travelling Europe for 2 years?	Can anyone tell me if this is possible:   I want to travel Europe for approx 2 years. (Not working, I will be able to show bank statements to prove i can support myself at each immigration point). With an Australian Passport I do not need to apply for a Schengen Visa, but the 90/90 rule still applies. If I abide by the law and exit and re-enter within the 90 day periods, is this ok?  I would stay approx 2 months in each country (Schengen then non-Schengen and repeat), to coincide with my fiance's work roster, he'll be working in Africa and meeting me on his breaks e.g. 2 months in Spain, 2 months in Ireland, 2 months in Croatia, 2 months in Greece, etc.  I cant find any clear information on wether they will refuse entry after re-entering Schengen countries so many times? 
48999	Transfer time from Newark Terminal C to B?	I'd like to hang at the United Club in Newark Terminal C as long as poss b4 leaving on international Austrian Air in Terminal B.  How much transfer time should my family allow? Only one of us has Global card. 
49006	Travel options from London to Edinburgh	I plan to travel from London to Edinburgh this November and want to know the fastest option to travel from London to Edinburgh 
49030	Do I require a transit visa?	I'm an Indian citizen. Traveling between New Delhi and Toronto via London. Do I require a transit visa for UK although I'll not be leaving the airport. 
49029	Turkish visa holder traveling to Italy	I am a Somali citizen.  If I have a valid Turkish tourist visa can I travel to Italy? 
49004	Driving into Tijuana.. how do I get an FMM? Do I need one?	I will be driving into Mexico for my first time. I am a U.S. citizen and will be in Mexico for about 4 days in the Tijuana area. I've read online that I need to get an FMM form because I will be there for more than 72 hours, do I need to do this before I enter Mexico? Is the process obvious enough for me to figure out on the spot or should I keep doing research so I know exactly what to expect when I cross the border into Mexico. 
49044	Transit visa for Delhi to Dublin via Schengen	Do I need a transit visa, I am travelling Delhi to Zurich (Switzerland) and Zurich to Dublin and Dublin to Frankfurt and Frankfurt to Delhi.  Ticket already booked but only have Ireland visa.  No change of airports, all connecting flights are from same airports. 
49044	Transit visa for Delhi to Dublin via Schengen	Do I need a transit visa, I am travelling Delhi to Zurich (Switzerland) and Zurich to Dublin and Dublin to Frankfurt and Frankfurt to Delhi.  Ticket already booked but only have Ireland visa.  No change of airports, all connecting flights are from same airports. 
49059	Do I need to book some intra-Europe tickets to apply for Schengen visa?	I already booked my ultra-Europe ticket which was a roundtrip from YVR to ZRH.  However, I am not sure whether I need to book for intra-Europe tickets for my visa application. 
49075	Entering with one Schengen visa but exiting with another	I have a France-issued Schengen visa until 24/06/2015, and I would like to visit Spain between 21-27/06/2015. When I applied to visa to Spain consulate, they gave me a Schengen visa from 25/06/2015. So I have to enter to Spain with France-issued Schengen visa, and when I will want to leave, I will be used only 3 days from my new visa.  Later in July, I have to go to Germany, I did apply to Spain first because that was my first visit. I will stay in Germany around 10 days. I don't know if these 2 days visit are enough for them to enter Germany with Spain-issued Schengen visa.  It seems that two Schengen visas can not be issued same time. Is that true? 
49075	Entering with one Schengen visa but exiting with another	I have a France-issued Schengen visa until 24/06/2015, and I would like to visit Spain between 21-27/06/2015. When I applied to visa to Spain consulate, they gave me a Schengen visa from 25/06/2015. So I have to enter to Spain with France-issued Schengen visa, and when I will want to leave, I will be used only 3 days from my new visa.  Later in July, I have to go to Germany, I did apply to Spain first because that was my first visit. I will stay in Germany around 10 days. I don't know if these 2 days visit are enough for them to enter Germany with Spain-issued Schengen visa.  It seems that two Schengen visas can not be issued same time. Is that true? 
49098	Travel restrictions for US teen living in London, wishing to travel the UK and Europe alone	In July I'm going for my second summer in London living/working with family friends. At the time of my travel I will be 15 (nearly 16), I'm highly independent and last summer I did a lot of solo sightseeing, and I'm extremely familiar with the buses and underground and what not.  I'm wondering to what extent I would be able to travel as a minor while I'm there (my parents don't have a problem with it), (i.e: trains to mainland Europe, Northern England/Scotland). I look much older than I am and I'm around 6'4. I just don't know what the attitude/rules about that sort of thing is in Europe as opposed to here in the US. 
49092	Bulgarian Visa Duration of Stay	I have a short stay Bulgarian visa (Type C) that is valid from July 27th, 2015 to August 17th, 2015. The duration of stay on the visa is 6 days. Will it be legal to arrive on July 27th, 2015 and depart on August 2nd, 2015 i.e. does it count as a stay of six days or seven?      
49098	Travel restrictions for US teen living in London, wishing to travel the UK and Europe alone	In July I'm going for my second summer in London living/working with family friends. At the time of my travel I will be 15 (nearly 16), I'm highly independent and last summer I did a lot of solo sightseeing, and I'm extremely familiar with the buses and underground and what not.  I'm wondering to what extent I would be able to travel as a minor while I'm there (my parents don't have a problem with it), (i.e: trains to mainland Europe, Northern England/Scotland). I look much older than I am and I'm around 6'4. I just don't know what the attitude/rules about that sort of thing is in Europe as opposed to here in the US. 
49107	Can I get off a plane at connecting flight?	I know this may be considered hidden-city ticketing and airlines have qualms with the practice, but since it's technically not illegal I was wondering if I bought a ticket from Chicago to Moscow with a plane change in Dusseldorf, Germany if I could just get off at Dusseldorf. Would I be able to check my bags only to Dusseldorf? Another problem is that Russia requires a visa, but since I'm not going all the way to Russia, would I still need to get one?   Another way of putting all this, is it feasible for me to travel this way? 
49113	What type of power outlets should I expect in hotels in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro?	From my the information I have read on Internet, it seems like Brazil covers a good part of the alphabet when it comes to power outlet types.   What type of power outlets should I expect in hotels in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro? 
48725	What is the safest and cheapest way to see Komodo island, leaving from and returning to Bali?	We will be spending 3 weeks in Indonesia and Bali, and intend to take a trip out to Komodo to see the dragons and wildlife. We predict a three day excursion.  There are boat and flight trips offered by travel agents here and online before we go, but is it better to arrange when there? Cheaper? Less safe?  There is also the option of travelling from Bali, Lombok or Flores. We will be in Bali originally.   Does anyone have any experience of doing this excursion? 
49127	Do I need a transit visa going through the US?	I am an Iranian citizen travelling from Canada to Iran. I'm holding a Canadian work permit . Do I need a transit visa if my flight goes through the US?  Thank you! 
49155	Exit rules before visit to Schengen country after studies in another Schengen country	My friend is a Japanese citizen and was studying in Sweden for around a year (August-June), having a temporary residence permit.  He left Sweden in June and would like to visit Greece in July. Entry visas for Japanese citizens are not required, but he is worried about the 90 days in 180 days limitation for Schengen countries.  Is there any chance he gets entrance to Greece denied, because of his long term stay in Sweden?  When does the counter apply and how does it work in this case? 
49174	Are there consequences to carrying an old passport together with a new passport?	I just renewed my passport. I was thinking to carry my old passport the collect this stamps like in this other question and following the recommendations of have just official stamps in my passport.  In a security control will I have problems carrying two passports of the same nationality and name but one with the expired date? 
49181	Transit from Dulles to Falls Church	Going to DC for a family vacation and arriving into Dulles. Any input on getting from Dulles to the Falls Church area that does not include an expensive cab ride? 
49182	Car-accessible destinations for nature, flora, and fauna, in the Niagara Region of Ontario?	All destinations must be accessible by car. I'm interested in seeing not only nature and wildlife, but also any conservatories or exhibitions about them, or flora and fauna. What is similar to the following, or is breathtaking or notable?  Ball's Falls   (southwest of the town of Jordan) Short Hills Provincial Park   (southwest of the city of Thorold)   Niagara Botanical Gardens Niagara Butterfly Conservatory Royal Botanical Gardens  (in Hamilton)  Please exclude: the aforesaid destinations, the Niagara-on-the-Lake area, Niagara Falls,    and any beaches verging on Lake Ontario.     Footnote: By 'Niagara region', I mean this area as depicted on Google Maps: in the north, bounded by Lake Ontario; in the south, bounded by Lake Erie;  in the east, bounded by the QEW;  in the west, bounded by Highway 6 (that traverses the towns of Stoney Creek; Caledonia; and ends at the coastal town of Port Dover, on Lake Erie).  
49136	Singkil to Balai, how to?	I heard there was a public boat but also some speed boat going from Singkil (Aceh province, Indonesia) to Balai (Banyak islands, Indonesia).  Is this correct? is there other options of transportation? if yes, can you provide more details (time, price, comfort, safety, way of booking)?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banyak_Islands   
48639	Transfer from Tegel Berlin to city center	I will soon have a 7-hours transit at Tegel Berlin and of course I want to visit the city centre of Berlin. I just want to take the bus and go to the center where I can enjoy my hours, see the beautiful Berlin and eat something. I don't want the place to be far away from the airport.    Unfortunately, I did not find clear information on the net, which bus number should I take and which station should I get off the bus? What can I see in this place? How to buy the ticket!   Hope to get an answer before my travel time. 
49193	UK tier 4 visa application tracking	I have applied for UK tier 4 visa on 4th june. I got the receipt from the VFS centre. However, receipt doesn't mention reference number, which is required to track the visa status. Moreover , I also paid for SMS service. However, I haven't received a single message from them. The one only e-mail, I received from them on the first day regarding receiving my application.   Can anyone please tell me how can I check my status? Or anyone to whom I can contact for enquiry?  
49199	UK Visa Query for an Indian	I am an Indian who holds a valid US Visa and am transiting through UK traveling to the US from India. My transit time is less then 6 hours coming and going however my flights arrive into Gatwick and depart from Heathrow 
49209	Question regarding having a 21 day long stay in the Netherlands first, then studying in France	I have faced a question regarding application for visa for traveling to Europe in order to study there. I would be grateful to receive guidance on this.  I have been admitted to a European master program. Right now I am in Iran and I should travel to the Netherlands on August to participate in an introduction program and then move to France to take part in the first semester of the program. The second semester is going to be held in Hungary starting in February. My coordinator at the French university has asked me to start the application procedure for a visa for France while I am supposed to first enter the Schengen area in the Netherlands. Is it going to be ok? I've already asked about this from the Netherlands embassy in Iran and have been told that I should apply for a visa for my main destination (France) but they didn't say whether it would ok to enter the Netherlands by flying directly from Iran and without traveling to France first (while I am issued a visa for France). 
49209	Question regarding having a 21 day long stay in the Netherlands first, then studying in France	I have faced a question regarding application for visa for traveling to Europe in order to study there. I would be grateful to receive guidance on this.  I have been admitted to a European master program. Right now I am in Iran and I should travel to the Netherlands on August to participate in an introduction program and then move to France to take part in the first semester of the program. The second semester is going to be held in Hungary starting in February. My coordinator at the French university has asked me to start the application procedure for a visa for France while I am supposed to first enter the Schengen area in the Netherlands. Is it going to be ok? I've already asked about this from the Netherlands embassy in Iran and have been told that I should apply for a visa for my main destination (France) but they didn't say whether it would ok to enter the Netherlands by flying directly from Iran and without traveling to France first (while I am issued a visa for France). 
49209	Question regarding having a 21 day long stay in the Netherlands first, then studying in France	I have faced a question regarding application for visa for traveling to Europe in order to study there. I would be grateful to receive guidance on this.  I have been admitted to a European master program. Right now I am in Iran and I should travel to the Netherlands on August to participate in an introduction program and then move to France to take part in the first semester of the program. The second semester is going to be held in Hungary starting in February. My coordinator at the French university has asked me to start the application procedure for a visa for France while I am supposed to first enter the Schengen area in the Netherlands. Is it going to be ok? I've already asked about this from the Netherlands embassy in Iran and have been told that I should apply for a visa for my main destination (France) but they didn't say whether it would ok to enter the Netherlands by flying directly from Iran and without traveling to France first (while I am issued a visa for France). 
49215	Can I stay in Italy with valid study visa and expired Permesso?	I have South Korean passport and I have my study visa which will expire on the 19th of September and a permesso di soggiorno which will expire on the 3rd of Sept.  So far from the last day of May (31 may) I am staying in Korea for my vacation but I still need to continue my study at the university in Florence, I am going back to Italy in the last day of August, and will go to France on the 2nd of September to see my grandma (the day before my permesso expires) and will come back to Italy at 11th of September.  I thought there is no problem because I still have a valid study visa. Of course I know that I need to renew my permesso di soggiorno to live in Italy. And the reason I thought there is no problem was that I have been hearing that I can stay in Schengen countries around 90 days without visa. As a traveller. Isn't it true?   One of my friend just told me that i will not be allowed to re enter Italy with expired permesso di soggiorno, even though my study visa is still valid.   If I won't be able to enter Italy again, where should I go and what should I do? And generally what is the penalty?    At least to make sure about me to stay in Italy, I will bring some documents that I applied to extend my permesso again. Even though I bring some documents (as evidence) to show that I already applied to make a new one, does it matter?  
49223	Documents requirement for UK visitor visa	I am an African married to an Ukrainian with one kid, we want to visit my family in the UK as half of my family is there to introduce my husband to them. What are the required documents? How much money do we need to show in the bank statement? Thanks for advance for the answers. 
49222	Is transit visa required for 8 hours layover in Dubai?	I am travelling from Doha to India via Dubai on Emirates flight. I have 7.45 hours layover at Dubai. Do I need a transit visa if I don't want to go out of airport terminal? 
49215	Can I stay in Italy with valid study visa and expired Permesso?	I have South Korean passport and I have my study visa which will expire on the 19th of September and a permesso di soggiorno which will expire on the 3rd of Sept.  So far from the last day of May (31 may) I am staying in Korea for my vacation but I still need to continue my study at the university in Florence, I am going back to Italy in the last day of August, and will go to France on the 2nd of September to see my grandma (the day before my permesso expires) and will come back to Italy at 11th of September.  I thought there is no problem because I still have a valid study visa. Of course I know that I need to renew my permesso di soggiorno to live in Italy. And the reason I thought there is no problem was that I have been hearing that I can stay in Schengen countries around 90 days without visa. As a traveller. Isn't it true?   One of my friend just told me that i will not be allowed to re enter Italy with expired permesso di soggiorno, even though my study visa is still valid.   If I won't be able to enter Italy again, where should I go and what should I do? And generally what is the penalty?    At least to make sure about me to stay in Italy, I will bring some documents that I applied to extend my permesso again. Even though I bring some documents (as evidence) to show that I already applied to make a new one, does it matter?  
49142	Medan to Singkil, how to?	I want to go to Singkil (located in the southern part of the Aceh province, Sumatra, Indonesia) from Medan (Indonesia).  What transportation options are there available (buses, shared taxi, taxi, or else)?  Considering I do NOT have my own car. 
49183	How long is the time allowed between exit and re entry from the U.S on an esta visa?	I have a valid two year Established Visa,and I would like to exit the U.S for a month, and then return after one month,  but i was told i needed three months between exit and re entry. Can someone clarify? I am from Australia.  
49248	US layover as dual Dominican German citizen without visa in either passport	I'm a student currently living in S. Korea and I have double nationality: Dominican and German. I want to travel back to my country but through Europe is much more expensive than laying over in the US. However, I don't have VISA for the US in any of both passports. I would like to layover in the US with the German passport since I can only do an ESTA form and it seems easier and quicker.  However, I want to be sure that I can travel as follows: Going out of Korea with my Dominican passport, entering/exiting the US with my German passport with ESTA form and entering my country with my Dominican passport. And if so, should I book my airplane ticket with my Dominican passport information? (Since it's the final destination). 
49242	Airport transit visa for Munich, if I have Long Stay visa type D for France (sauf CTOM)	I am an Indian citizen and I was granted a visa from the French Consulate. It says that my visa type is Long Stay "D" valid for France (sauf CTOM).   I am going to Nice (France) via Munich (Germany), would I need a transit visa for Germany ? 
49242	Airport transit visa for Munich, if I have Long Stay visa type D for France (sauf CTOM)	I am an Indian citizen and I was granted a visa from the French Consulate. It says that my visa type is Long Stay "D" valid for France (sauf CTOM).   I am going to Nice (France) via Munich (Germany), would I need a transit visa for Germany ? 
49260	road trip with my dog	I am going from NYC to San Antonio TX- about 28 hours- and have planned several stops. My dog loves to be in the car. I am wondering if it is better to go a short (ie 4 hr) day and then a long one (ie 8-9 hrs) or to balance them out. Some of the stops are good in the short days and the long ones have few places to stop. Any advice very welcome. 
49287	Passport control location when travelling from Disneyland Resort (Marne-la-Vallée/Chessy) by train to London	I am an Indian planning to take a train from Disneyland Resort (Marne-la-Vallée/Chessy) to London. Please let me know where France Immigration exit and UK Immigration Entry will be done.  
47103	Is it now possible to visit the UK for tourism on an exsiting multiple entry business visa?	I am a British citizen residing in South Africa. In June I will be visiting family in the UK accompanied by my South African wife who holds a valid C Business visa (expiring in 2018). Under the new regulations, can my wife use her existing visa to enter the UK or must she apply for a new visitor visa? 
34217	Train passport control from London to Paris	I'm a non-EU citizen, I will be travelling from London to Paris next month, so I was wondering since most countries track entry and leave dates, if I use the train to switch these countries and they don't control it, my UK visa will seem like entry YES but no leaving. Same for the Schengen, I wouldn't have an entry date but I'll be leaving,  Will it be trouble later? Are they controlling this on trains? If not is there anything I should do before? 
34217	Train passport control from London to Paris	I'm a non-EU citizen, I will be travelling from London to Paris next month, so I was wondering since most countries track entry and leave dates, if I use the train to switch these countries and they don't control it, my UK visa will seem like entry YES but no leaving. Same for the Schengen, I wouldn't have an entry date but I'll be leaving,  Will it be trouble later? Are they controlling this on trains? If not is there anything I should do before? 
34217	Train passport control from London to Paris	I'm a non-EU citizen, I will be travelling from London to Paris next month, so I was wondering since most countries track entry and leave dates, if I use the train to switch these countries and they don't control it, my UK visa will seem like entry YES but no leaving. Same for the Schengen, I wouldn't have an entry date but I'll be leaving,  Will it be trouble later? Are they controlling this on trains? If not is there anything I should do before? 
49294	What happens when someone inadvertently enters the UK without a landing interview?	As a follow-on question to UK Immigration Control - Which Queue for EU/non-EU Couple Travelling Together for a question that arose in the commentary...  There may remain several routes into the UK where an arriving passenger may not be checked by an Immigration Officer.  Some of these occur on Eurostar (or other rail/ferry) and others might occur at City Airport during certain times of the day, and others occur when a passenger is simply waved through controls (however unlikely this seems in the current era).  Sometimes a walking route through an airport is not completely secured which leads to a land-side exit and passengers may inadvertently follow it.   Sometimes these 'loopholes' are discovered (proof that this has happened on Eurostar), and sometimes they are not, or go for a long time unnoticed.  This question acknowledges that arrivals through the Republic of Ireland are a separate case and are out of scope here (perhaps the topic of a future question).  Similarly, arrivals at private airfields in the UK are out of scope.  Also it's not appropriate in TSE to list current inward routes where controls fail because I cannot assume that everyone reading TSE is well-intended.  Of course it's easy to say that since it's UKVI's fault the person has no liability, but is this actually the case?  Assuming such routes exist and that the person is well-intended, what is their immigration status in the UK during the time they are present in the UK?  Are they in violation of any particular rule?  More importantly, is there a procedure so that the person can normalize their status?  The corollary to this question is alternatively, should we trust that the possibility of this happening is too remote to consider realistically?   Credible/authoritative sources needed, court decisions and legislation (including Ministerial Statements) cites gladly welcomed. Other credible sources also welcomed. 
49301	Rail travel between Azerbaijan and Georgia	I'm looking for any advice please. I'm travelling around Azerbaijan this August and need to work out the best way to get from Ganja in Azerbaijan to Tbilisi in Georgia. I've tried to find train information but the online info I've found has been useless. 
46921	Living in Canada - quick USA trips?	I live in Vancouver on a working holiday visa, from Australia. I got a waiver form to go to the states, but just went for a day at the beginning of the year. This was the 90 day waiver and then "expired" in the beginning of April. I want to go to Seattle for the long weekend and Disneyland in July. Do I have to get a different visa? Or can I renew my visa waiver that was the 90 day one? If I renew it how?  
48915	Weird pricing observations for a flight booking	I want to fly Chicago O'Hare (ORD)-Mumbai (BOM)-O'Hare (ORD) on United and I want to fly via Newark (EWR) (using their nonstop EWR-BOM flight).   Now, if I book ORD-BOM and pick a flight going via EWR, it is costing me $1600.   However, if I ask for a "Multiple Destination" itinerary as 3 flights: ORD-EWR EWR-BOM BOM-ORD  then the cost drops to $1200. It is still on one ticket and the dates are consistent (ORD-EWR is early morning and EWR-BOM is late night)  There has to be a catch? 
10495	Extending an expiring I-94W, land based entry to US	I live in Canada with a German passport and a student visa. From a recent climbing trip to the US I still have this green I94-W form in my passport. I didn't surrender it on leaving the US back to Canada, because I expected to come back for another climbing trip relatively soon.   That trip got postponed a few times, and now the situation is that the I94-W would expire while I'm on the trip. That is, it would still be valid on entry, but not on exit.   Can I apply for a new I94-W at the border crossing, or can these Visa waivers not be extended back-to-back? 
49346	Train tickets from Brussels Airport to Brugges	It is my first question here:  I was looking on the Belgian Rail website to get a ticket to Brugge from Brussel-Nat-Luchthaven. I suppose, It is in the airport  Well, when I am looking the tickets they show me several options with different combinations and stops. But When I try to buy it, the tickets don't have any hour/time related. I can get any train, any combination. Keep in mind that all tickets have the same price.  A bonus track, I arrive in  'Zaventem airport'. Anybody knows if the station is in the same airport. In the map look very close.  I hope you don't consider duplicate than Train from Brussels to Bruges  
49345	Do I need a transit visa if I already have a UK Business visit visa	I currently have a valid UK and US Business visit Visa (Both are multiple entry visa's). I will be travelling to Portugal next month and my flights are from Mumbai through London to finally Porto. My travel agent was booking a ticket for a flight which will be landing in London heathrow airport and then get on another plane from Gatwick airport (with 5 hrs transit  to get to gatwick)... my question is ...do I need get a transit visa or can I manage with the UK business visa which I already have and have been granted a business visit visa to enter UK.... It would be few hours in London just to get to another airport within London. I will be getting a  Schengen visa to enter Portugal. . 
49350	Am I allowed to take a GPU in my carry-on luggage?	As I will be travelling to the US in July, I was thinking of buying two graphics cards (R9 390X) over there and bring them back to Switzerland, as computer components are mostly a bit cheaper over there.  I know that the US has some really high security standards regarding international flights. If I take these two GPU's in my carry-on luggage (so they don't break), how would a security officer at LAX react when they see those Graphics cards? I do realise that most people don't actually know what a GPU is or how it looks like. So I am concerned that a security officer might take them from me at an airport when trying to board an international flight.  Believe it or not, I read some really strange stories in forums from people that claim the security officer did not know what a GPU is and thought it might be some sort of a bomb.  Note: By "GPU" I am referring to the whole graphics card (with circuit board, coolers, etc.) and not just the processing unit. 
49353	I have a 12-hour layover in Istanbul. Will I be able to leave the airport to do some sightseeing in the city?	I'm flying to Barcelona from Israel via Istanbul. The layover in Istanbul is 12 hours, and I'm thinking about leaving the airport and entering the country for a couple of hours. Would that be possible? Are there any Border/Airline restrictions?  I'm Traveling with Turkish airlines, and hold a passport which does not require a visa to enter Turkey.  I've done this in the past, but only inside the Schengen area, so this question is Turkey-specific. 
49365	Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy?	I am flying from Chicago to Istanbul and my flight will layover in Rome for an hour and a half. I am holding a US green card and am traveling with Iraqi passport. I am not sure if I will require an Italian transit visa or will I be fine since am not leaving the transit area? I tried the Italy embassy support line and they keep telling me to check the website and there was not a clear answer for that. 
49371	Identifing building in Lancaster	Can someone identify this building for me and possibly write me anything about it?    I only know, that it is located in Lancaster. 
49381	Why is SCL-AKL slower than SYD-SCL?	How is it that the estimated duration of a SYD-SCL flight (7060 miles) on a 747-400 (cruise speed Mach 0.85) is 12:40, but SCL-AKL flight (6011 miles) on a 787-8 (same cruise speed) takes 13:20.  My first thought was perhaps wind direction. So I ran a quick calculation assuming SYD-SCL always has a 10m/s tail wind, and SCL-AKL has a 10m/s head wind. The numbers come out as:  7060 miles / (252.1m/s + 10m/s) = 12:02 6011 miles / (252.1m/s - 10m/s) = 11:06   So it's probably not wind, so why does it take longer for a 1000 mile shorter flight? 
49381	Why is SCL-AKL slower than SYD-SCL?	How is it that the estimated duration of a SYD-SCL flight (7060 miles) on a 747-400 (cruise speed Mach 0.85) is 12:40, but SCL-AKL flight (6011 miles) on a 787-8 (same cruise speed) takes 13:20.  My first thought was perhaps wind direction. So I ran a quick calculation assuming SYD-SCL always has a 10m/s tail wind, and SCL-AKL has a 10m/s head wind. The numbers come out as:  7060 miles / (252.1m/s + 10m/s) = 12:02 6011 miles / (252.1m/s - 10m/s) = 11:06   So it's probably not wind, so why does it take longer for a 1000 mile shorter flight? 
49383	As an F1 visa holder, do I need transit visa for travelling through the US earlier than 30 days before the start date of my study?	I have a valid F1 visa (date of issue: June 14), which I can use to enter the US starting from July 24 (30 days before the start date of my study). Do I need a transit visa on July 21 to pass through the US? (I will switch planes at Chicago, then continue to Canada - I also have a Canadian tourist visa) 
49350	Am I allowed to take a GPU in my carry-on luggage?	As I will be travelling to the US in July, I was thinking of buying two graphics cards (R9 390X) over there and bring them back to Switzerland, as computer components are mostly a bit cheaper over there.  I know that the US has some really high security standards regarding international flights. If I take these two GPU's in my carry-on luggage (so they don't break), how would a security officer at LAX react when they see those Graphics cards? I do realise that most people don't actually know what a GPU is or how it looks like. So I am concerned that a security officer might take them from me at an airport when trying to board an international flight.  Believe it or not, I read some really strange stories in forums from people that claim the security officer did not know what a GPU is and thought it might be some sort of a bomb.  Note: By "GPU" I am referring to the whole graphics card (with circuit board, coolers, etc.) and not just the processing unit. 
49397	Pakistani travelling to Indian Kashmir?	Is a Pakistani citizen allowed to visit Indian Jammu &amp; Kashmir ? I asked my father about visiting it and he said Pakistanis are not allowed there. He also said they are scrutinized and are in danger too there ? 
49398	Can we take three laptops?	I along with my family(total 4 members) will be travelling to India soon(from Dubai). We have total 3 laptops to take to India which we each use for our personal use. I want to know if I will be charged with custom duty.  PS: Since we are travelling as a family I fear that there may be any problems. We are 3 adults, so I want to be sure about the no duty for all of us three.  
49409	Airfare historical data	I need to find international prices of airfare for specific locations in the years 2013 and 2014. Please help my boss will kill me if I cannot come up with this info soon! 
49412	How do airlines determine ticket prices?	Based on the question How to find historical airfares?, I got curious. Is there a guide or resource that describes how the price of a ticket is determined?  When you search you often see curious effects like cheaper tickets for a flight from A to B with a layover compared to a direct flight. This seems counter-intuitive from an outsider's perspective since you fly twice. Also one way tickets more expensive than 2 ways.  It can be a short set of rules. Something that helps someone to get started with finding good prices. I know these can be very complex and they probably change over time and over airline interests but there is probably a simplified set of rules that can be enunciated. 
49427	Old Flight numbers (2011)	I am trying to find out a thomas cook flight number which was supposed to fly out of tenerife to UK (Manchester?) on friday 25th feb 2011 but did not go till saturday 26th. 
49424	Tips on preventing illness whilst in India	I am going on holiday to India for 6 days and was wondering if anyone knew of any form of preventative medication which I would be able to acquire in order to try and stop some myself getting some of the local bugs. 
49455	Electronic items limit to India	If I take one brand new laptop and a brand new ipad to India, will I be subject to any duties? 
49446	recheck bag at Heathrow?	Returning to the US from Rome, Italy. British Airlines to Heathrow in London and US Airways to Charlotte on same reservation. Plan to check bag all the way through but will I have to reclaim bag, go through customs and recheck? I believe I will arrive in terminal 5 and depart for US in terminal 3.  
49461	Change of plans in Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from German consulate and my first entry and main entry country will be Germany. In my application form, I mentioned that I will visit Italy, too. However, I have changed my plans and I intend to go to Hungary instead of Italy. Is the exit country will be a problem for me? I mean is it possible that exit stamp from Hungary will be a problem in my future Schengen applications? 
49461	Change of plans in Schengen visa	I have a Schengen visa issued from German consulate and my first entry and main entry country will be Germany. In my application form, I mentioned that I will visit Italy, too. However, I have changed my plans and I intend to go to Hungary instead of Italy. Is the exit country will be a problem for me? I mean is it possible that exit stamp from Hungary will be a problem in my future Schengen applications? 
49467	Am I allowed to take an "All in One Water cooler" in my carry-on luggage?	This is a follow up question of Am I allowed to take a GPU in my carry-on luggage?  During my stay in LA I will be checking if some graphics cards are cheaper in the US and if yes I would like to buy 2 of them and import into switzerland. I already know that I would have to pay 8% VAT when I am importing them into Switzerland.  Now that the new AMD graphics card series has been released, I am especially looking at the Fury X which has an all in one water cooler. Does anyone know how the regulations are for water coolers as they logically have water in them? Am I allowed to take them in my carry-on luggage?  The main point of concern for me is that the water cooler have liquid in them, which is only allowed to a limited degree at security checks. Or I would be better off packing it into my suitcase? 
49470	Schengen visa control on the Euro-star	I am a non UK &amp; non EU citizen and I am travelling on the Euro-star from London to Paris. I have a UK visa &amp; a Schengen visa issued from Switzerland not France.  Would the UK immigration in London allow me to board the Euro star to Paris if my Schengen visa first entry is France and not Switzerland ? 
49450	Kings Cross Station to Heathrow	We need to get from Kings Cross Station to Heathrow Terminal 2 for a 3:15 pm flight to Shannon.  Our train arrives from Edinburgh at 11:51 am.  What it the fastest way to get there and check in on time for our flight to Ireland?  4 people and luggage. Thanks 
49482	Flying over country from which you are deported	A Swedish national was deported from Denmark today. This is a very extraordinary case, since citizens of Nordic countries are usually free to travel without any documents within the Nordic Passport Union, as well as within Schengen (with documents).  If he wish to travel out of Sweden, there is a significant possibility that he will need to have a stopover in Denmark, or at the very least fly over Danish airspace.  The specifics of his deportation is not known, other than that he will no longer be allowed to enter Denmark. Generally speaking, how big of a problem will this pose?  Will he be allowed to fly over Denmark? Will he be allowed to have a stopover in Denmark, as long as he doesn't leave the international terminal? I assume it will work much like when you transit through a country in which you don't have a visa.  Of course, practically speaking, since a flight within the Nordic countries is almost considered a domestic flight (no passport checks), it will be hard to regulate, but let's work from the assumption that he will not enter Denmark unlawfully. 
49497	Laws governing a plane in flight	The following question:   Flying over country from which you are deported   made me think of a more general scenario.  An airline registered in country A and having an aircraft registered in the same country have taken off from country A and is flying over country B on the way to country C.  The laws of which country are in effect on board the aircraft? 
49302	Not getting passport stamped when entering USA from abroad	I (US Citizen) recently returned from a trip abroad. When I entered the US via San Francisco (SFO), I had to do a bunch of stuff at a machine: scan my passport, answer a few questions, and take my picture. Then I received a receipt from the machine with a bunch of info on it.  When I walked up to the US Customs Officer, he stamped my receipt, but not my passport. When I got my luggage and passed through the last part of customs, the stamped receipt was taken.  What's the deal? In the past, I would usually get an ADMITTED stamp in my passport.  
49536	How to travel with huge sum of money?	I know that carrying it in my bag or wallet or whatever is a bad idea, but placing it on a credit card would raise questions to authorities as it was old peoples' inheritance from "under the bed."  I would be traveling from Latvia to Sweden, Norway and Netherlands, and the currency is Euros.  I'm not trying to evade taxes - it's money saved up throughout a few decades and not by me. I simply inherited it. 
49536	How to travel with huge sum of money?	I know that carrying it in my bag or wallet or whatever is a bad idea, but placing it on a credit card would raise questions to authorities as it was old peoples' inheritance from "under the bed."  I would be traveling from Latvia to Sweden, Norway and Netherlands, and the currency is Euros.  I'm not trying to evade taxes - it's money saved up throughout a few decades and not by me. I simply inherited it. 
49544	Tanzanian passport, Canadian resident card - transit visa?	I am travelling with a Tanzanian passport, and a Canadian permanent resident card.  Do I need a transit visa to connect through Zurich? 
49553	Schengen multiple entries short stay 90 day visa validity rule	I got a Schengen C visa for MULT entries. The duration of stay is 8 days, and the validity is from 15th July to 27th July. My question is would it allow me the "90 day short stay" visa". I am guessing not, but wanted to confirm. Thanks. 
49553	Schengen multiple entries short stay 90 day visa validity rule	I got a Schengen C visa for MULT entries. The duration of stay is 8 days, and the validity is from 15th July to 27th July. My question is would it allow me the "90 day short stay" visa". I am guessing not, but wanted to confirm. Thanks. 
49195	UK Immigration Control - Which Queue for EU/non-EU Couple Travelling Together	I'll be arriving at Heathrow in June 2015 with my current girlfriend for a holiday in the UK. I've been trying to find out which immigration queue to join at Heathrow Passport control without much luck.  I have a British Passport, my girlfriend has a non-EU passport. Should I join the EU queue and she the non-EU queue or should we both queue together (and if so, which of the queues should we join)? 
49596	Which airlines/flights check gate-checked bags to the final destination?	This last weekend my wife and I took a hidden city flight from St. Louis to Houston (and threw away the leg to Tulsa) on United Airlines.  Naturally, this only works when you don't check luggage, but as the flight was on a small plane (Embrair RJ145), anyone with "full sized" carry-on luggage was required to do a gate check.  It was no problem, in this case, as they returned the gate-checked luggage to us on the jetway in Houston.  But I have been on flights like this before, where gate-checked luggage was checked to my final destination. Sadly, I can't remember when, or which airline(s) I've experienced this with.  Such a scheme would naturally ruin any attempts at hidden city ticketing.  So my question is: Which airlines and/or flights do a gate-check to the final destination?  Is there a way to know, prior to purchasing a ticket, if this will be a problem or a risk for me? 
49606	Schengen visa for a non-eu spouse of eu citizen	I hope you would be able to provide some advice as things are getting very frustrated. I am an EU national married to a Sri Lankan. At the moment I am in my home country and he is in Sri Lanka. We are planning to move to Czech Republic. Upon reading all the official websites of their ministries and such we came to the conclusion that we would get him a short-term tourist visa and once he is in Czech he would apply for a family permit. However, the Czech embassy has told me that they might not grant him a short-term visa if there is a suspicion he would stay in Europe? Is this Ok? Is our plan illegal? If so, what are you suggesting we do? 
49605	Duration for the second attempt of visitors visa in UK	Once refused for a visit visa to UK from Pakistan, how long shall i wait to make a second attempt? 
49605	Duration for the second attempt of visitors visa in UK	Once refused for a visit visa to UK from Pakistan, how long shall i wait to make a second attempt? 
49301	Rail travel between Azerbaijan and Georgia	I'm looking for any advice please. I'm travelling around Azerbaijan this August and need to work out the best way to get from Ganja in Azerbaijan to Tbilisi in Georgia. I've tried to find train information but the online info I've found has been useless. 
49653	What's the actual speed limit on highways in California?	I am travelling in California this month with my car. I noticed that while the speed limit on highways is 65 MPH in most sections, people typically drive at 75-80 MPH. What's the actual speed limit on highways in California above which we get taxed speeding tickets? 
49653	What's the actual speed limit on highways in California?	I am travelling in California this month with my car. I noticed that while the speed limit on highways is 65 MPH in most sections, people typically drive at 75-80 MPH. What's the actual speed limit on highways in California above which we get taxed speeding tickets? 
49653	What's the actual speed limit on highways in California?	I am travelling in California this month with my car. I noticed that while the speed limit on highways is 65 MPH in most sections, people typically drive at 75-80 MPH. What's the actual speed limit on highways in California above which we get taxed speeding tickets? 
49657	Do I need a transit visa fro Heathrow airport	I am having US visa (Syrian Nationality) and travelling through Heathrow airport by British airways, I will stay for 2 hours only and then will continue by British airways to US, Do I need a transit visa? I will not leave the airport. 
49648	Travel from Mumbai to Toronto via long layover in Cairo	We are Indian citizens and are planning to travel by Egypt air from Mumbai to Toronto via Cairo. The layover is 14 hours in Cairo.  As per Egyptian Embassy, transit without visa is applicable if the layover is upto 12 hours.  do we actually need a transit visa for a layover of 14 hours? 
49669	Prepaid mobile phone prices in Montevideo, Uruguay	I have a hard time understanding how I will be charged in Montevideo, Urugay for my phone. I've seen this answer which links me to this wiki page with the prices of all mobile operators. I'm an exchange student and will be visiting Uruguay in a few weeks and spend about 6 weeks there. I bring two friends, who will probably use the same mobile operator. I want to call them cheaply but it is also important to call my host without spending a fortune (who will probably be using another operator). I use a lot of data (about 1-2GBs per month) but I don't care about LTE (since I will be using an old iPhone 3GS).   If I chose Claro, I'd probably spend $104.23 on data alone. That is way above my budget and I don't even know who much data I'm allowed to use. Did I miss something here, because this seems to be unrealistic.   Antel seem to be the best option to choose. The SIM card is just $2.27 and as far as I've understood, I'll get 250 SMS, 3 free destinations (i.e. 1000 min to a landline, 1000 mins, and 1000 SMS to another Antel mobile. I'll also get to choose 5 numbers I can talk to for just $0.05. This seems to be incredible cheap. Data is also cheap so maybe I'm wrong. $23.70 for almost 2GBs for the whole stay is fair, however, I'm not sure if I have to choose Prepaid Mobile Broadband or Prepaid Mobile Internet.  I don't get Movistars data prices at all. Do they charge me for every 50MB? Do they actually distinguish between "social media" (e.g. Facebook) and other services? I will be using VPN anyways, so they won't (hopefully) be able to analyze my traffic.   I was hoping someone (local) could help me understand their pricing policies and what I is best for my case.  
49674	"Complimentary" flight after my final destination	I just booked my round trip to India from USA with one of the travel agents.   Here is my trip  Outbound -  Newark -  Delhi -  Hyderabad  Inbound   - Hyderabad -  Delhi - Newark   But I see in the itinerary there is another flight from Newark to Huston (after reaching Newark). I said I don't want that flight since my destination is Newark. But what they said is it is complimentary. I am confused, but after booking with them one of my friends told me there is a possibility your check-in luggage may go to Huston. My port of entry is Newark and I think I can collect baggage there and come out from the airport.  But wanted to check with you guys, is there any problem with the complimentary flight (not sure why this flight)? Can I get my check-in baggage and come out of the airport in Newark? 
49685	What happens if I leave the claim hall without collecting my checked baggage?	On a recent international flight that landed in the late evening, the baggage took about 90 minutes to arrive at the claim and I was starting to worry I would miss the last train home.  What would have happened if I'd just left without collecting it and returned the next day for it? I can imagine this also happening by accident if I was being forgetful.  I can imagine the airline/airport wouldn't be very happy about it as it'd be a nightmare if lots of people did this, but what would the practical consequenecs be?  I've seen this answer which talks about there being an unclaimed bags area, but I'd like to know how collecting things from it works in practice. 
49674	"Complimentary" flight after my final destination	I just booked my round trip to India from USA with one of the travel agents.   Here is my trip  Outbound -  Newark -  Delhi -  Hyderabad  Inbound   - Hyderabad -  Delhi - Newark   But I see in the itinerary there is another flight from Newark to Huston (after reaching Newark). I said I don't want that flight since my destination is Newark. But what they said is it is complimentary. I am confused, but after booking with them one of my friends told me there is a possibility your check-in luggage may go to Huston. My port of entry is Newark and I think I can collect baggage there and come out from the airport.  But wanted to check with you guys, is there any problem with the complimentary flight (not sure why this flight)? Can I get my check-in baggage and come out of the airport in Newark? 
49718	Splitting up an airline booking?	I booked an American Airlines ticket Newark -- Philadelphia -- Pittsburgh since it was cheaper than direct Philadephia -- Pittsburgh. I would like to simply get on at Philadelphia (I am traveling from central Jersey), but I assume my ticket will be voided if I don't show up in Newark. Is it possible to get the airline to divide my ticket onto two bookings so I can cancel one? 
3191	Is this a realistic backpacking trip in Europe?	I'm trying to plan a backpacking trip in Europe but I'm not really sure where to start.  We'll be flying from the US into most likely London.  Our budget is about 2,000 USD (per person) not including the flight and we plan on staying there for 2 weeks in September.  We'd like to use the trains to travel between the cities.  Do they have train passes that will take you through most of Europe or do you need to buy each ticket separately?  Ideally here are the places we would like to go to starting in London: London  Brussels  Amsterdam  Munich  Somewhere in Switzerland (recommendations?)  Rome and Pisa  Paris  then back to London  Does this look doable on our budget and time span?  We'd also really like to go to Dublin, but I don't know if we can fit that in too.   
49728	Rent a scooter for 2 weeks in Bali	I want to rent a scooter for 2 weeks in Bali.  What kind of price should I expect?   I have been told that the daily price is usually 50'000 IDR.  So I expect a discount when renting for 14 days. I just don't know how much of a discount.  Related: Renting a motorbike from a private person in Indonesia? 
49729	May I swim in a direction parallel to the width of a swimming pool in Japan?	I am talking about a rectangular swimming pool.  In my country, we are allowed to swim in a direction parallel to the width of the pool when there are too many customers come. It is usually done automatically without any command by the swimming pool staff. In other words, it looks like a common consensus in my country.   Long story short, is this allowed in Japan? Do we need permission from other customers first? 
49745	can i enter and exit from different countries than my visa was issued from	i got my french visa, and I was wondering if I could enter Europe from Spain and leave from Netherlands. Is there any consequences for doing such thing? 
49766	Is this luggage likely to be considered oversized as checked baggage?	I've recently purchased and fitted a container for a costume I plan to take to conventions abroad.  It's a cube shaped flight case measuring 530 x 530 x 530 mm. I added that up, and god damn it, it comes to 159 linear cm (63 linear inches)! So 1 cm over the limit for many airlines.  (I also have bolted on wheels, feet, and an extendible handle, but these can be removed if necessary. With them it comes to about 163 linear cm.)   Am I likely to get stung with oversized baggage for for being 1 cm over the limit? And would it be prudent for me to remove the accessories before checking in/bag drop?   Weight isn't an issue, the thing it's carrying is very light, so it will weigh &lt;20kg when full.  Although I am not concerned about my next trip to Berlin from Manchester (easyJet appear to have a very generous hold luggage size allowance, much larger than I need), I might plan on taking them to other conventions, perhaps to the US where the oversized charges would be higher.  
49778	How to extend Indonesian 60 days tourist visa in 2015?	I have a 60 days tourist visa.  I got it outside of Indonesia, from the Indonesian embassy in Singapore, as explained on How to get a 60 days Indonesian tourist visa from Singapore?  I am now in Indonesia.  How can I extend this visa?  
49786	Is the new border crossing between Georgia and Turkey at Kartsakhi open to foreigners?	I was just reading a Quora post on the longest overland trip in the world and it mentions crossing from Georgia to Turkey at Kartsakhi. I've crossed between these countries probably half a dozen times and used both crossings I knew of. But the last time was in 2012 I think.  So I did some searching and found an article on the opening of the border checkpoint, but it doesn't mention whether people who are neither Georgian nor Turkish are permitted to cross.  (It's only a couple of months since I turned up at a border crossing from Cambodia to Vietnam that everybody thought I could cross and found out it's only for locals. So I'm pretty sure this is common for crossings in various parts of the world.) 
49787	Do they stock parachutes in commercial airliners?	Obviously we all know about the oxygen masks but let's say there was a strong exceptional reason for me to get off the airplane, are there parachutes that normal passengers have access to?  I cant recall mentioning parachutes in the mini lecture the aircrew give before taking off.   
49799	Rent a scooter in Probolinggo, possible?	Where can I rent a scooter in Probolinggo?  I tried several hotels, one guesthouse, and the tourism information (opposite Probolinggo's train station entrance) but I couldn't find anyone renting out a scooter.  Note: this post followed a related question Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible? 
49599	Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible?	I would like to avoid the packaged tours, and go to Bromo (Cemoro Lawang) from Probolinggo by motorbike (scooter).  This looks not only cheaper but also nicer and more fun.  My only concern is the state of the road. Not sure if this is doable during day time, even less during night time. Note that it's dark around 17:30 in Indonesia.  Edit  I created another question regarding renting motorbike in Probolinggo as it's a topic of its own. Rent a scooter in Probolinggo, possible? 
49764	Will my journey to intern at a summer camp be allowed under the US Visa Waiver Program?	I've been asked to work for a summer camp in America. This is the exact situation:   I'm from The Netherlands The summer camp is in Puerto Rico I will stay for 2 and a half weeks My travel and staying expenses will be paid I'll be paid $1000 for my work (although I'm willing to give this up so I can go) The company is based in America I'm currently not employed for the company. It'll be a special 2 week event. I'm 19 years old I'm leaving in 3 days I'm considered to be an unpaid intern who receives stipends and airfare reimbursements.    Can I get in legally with ESTA?  (I have applied and been accepted in the ESTA system) 
46789	Refusal of Tourist Schengen VISA - Twice - Italy Embassy	My Tourist Schengen VISA application was rejected for 1st time on 16-Apr-2015 with reason as “Your intention to leave the territory of the Member States before the expiry of the Visa could not be ascertained”.  Based on rejected reason stated, I had re-applied for Tourist Schengen VISA on 23-Apr-2015. The covering letter in my application I have clearly mentioned:   My purpose of visit (which is Sightseeing and Tourist purpose) My obligations because of which I need to return back to INDIA after my tour,   My Itinerary with every single details of my Hotel Booking, Travel Bookings with address and Telephone numbers &amp; confirmations for the same and My willingness to visit Embassy office if they needed to interview me or need to speak to me   However my Tourist Schengen VISA application was again rejected for 2nd time on 24-Apr-2015 with a new reason as “Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided”.  I am really not clear as to what exact information or Justification are they looking for, which I may have not provided in my previous applications.  My friend with whom I have planned this tourist trip was granted VISA when he submitted same documentations (because we planned to travel in same trains and flights and stay in same hotels during our trip) with similar covering letter. However my application was rejected twice.  Can someone please help me what should I be doing?   Reapply again with Italy Embassy  Appeal to Tribunale Amministrativo Regionale (T.A.R.) (regional administrative court) of Lazio. Any contacts how I can get this done and what could be the time and fees? Should I apply from any other county? I am visiting France, Switzerland, Germany and Italy My passport is being stamped every time by Embassy with Date and VISA TYPE on it.    Will this be problem in future?  
49843	Do I need a transit visa in Milan?	I have a Ugandan passport with indefinite permit to stay in Abu Dhabi where I am going through Milan.  Do I need a transit visa? 
49847	Do I need a passport to leave the UK if my destination doesn't need me to have one?	Following on from this question: Will I be eligible for an Emergency Travel Document?, I'm wondering:  If the US doesn't require a passport if I'm entering on a Green Card, does the UK require me to have one to leave?  If not, would me Green Card be sufficient identification to check in and board my plane?  Who makes this call? UK Border Agency? My airline? Someone else? 
49787	Do they stock parachutes in commercial airliners?	Obviously we all know about the oxygen masks but let's say there was a strong exceptional reason for me to get off the airplane, are there parachutes that normal passengers have access to?  I cant recall mentioning parachutes in the mini lecture the aircrew give before taking off.   
49787	Do they stock parachutes in commercial airliners?	Obviously we all know about the oxygen masks but let's say there was a strong exceptional reason for me to get off the airplane, are there parachutes that normal passengers have access to?  I cant recall mentioning parachutes in the mini lecture the aircrew give before taking off.   
49787	Do they stock parachutes in commercial airliners?	Obviously we all know about the oxygen masks but let's say there was a strong exceptional reason for me to get off the airplane, are there parachutes that normal passengers have access to?  I cant recall mentioning parachutes in the mini lecture the aircrew give before taking off.   
30970	How to get to Yogyakarta from Cemoro Lawang?	I've read that there is a 12 hours bus departing from Cemoro Lawang to Yogyakarta, but I couldn't find timetables and not sure if that's the best option. May be a bus ride to Probolinggo and the train is better option? I prefer night transport if possible, is possible to do it by night bus or night train? 
30970	How to get to Yogyakarta from Cemoro Lawang?	I've read that there is a 12 hours bus departing from Cemoro Lawang to Yogyakarta, but I couldn't find timetables and not sure if that's the best option. May be a bus ride to Probolinggo and the train is better option? I prefer night transport if possible, is possible to do it by night bus or night train? 
49799	Rent a scooter in Probolinggo, possible?	Where can I rent a scooter in Probolinggo?  I tried several hotels, one guesthouse, and the tourism information (opposite Probolinggo's train station entrance) but I couldn't find anyone renting out a scooter.  Note: this post followed a related question Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible? 
49853	schengen visa issued by French consulate in South Africa - free movement to Switzerland?	I am in France on a schengen tourism visa on my South African passport. My plans when I applied for the visa were to visit france, Germany and the Czech republic. Is there any reason why I would not be allowed to make an adjustment to my itinerary now that I am here and make a side trip to Switzerland on this visa? The reason for this is to break up a long train trip between Germany and France.  Family of mine say that they had problems because they required schengen and a separate visa for Switzerland. This seems contradictory to the schengen idea of free movement and everything else I've read. Just in case, can anyone confirm this for me? 
49867	Attend a bootcamp training in US for 3months + tourism	I have a B1/B2 visa and was wondering  Q1) if I can use that to attend a bootcamp training in USA.    The training is for 3 months and am also planning to tour around for 2 to 3 weeks.  The answer in this post quotes this:     Training      Participating in a training program that is not designed primarily to   provide employment. Will receive no payment or income from a U.S.   based company/entity, other than an expense allowance or expense   reimbursement related to traveler’s stay.   Q2. How do I explain to the officer at port of entry that this      training doesn't give me employment?    Also, I have higher priorities back at home - more specifically my old age parents, so I can't afford to spend long time away from my home.  Moreover I am paying for this training and also for food &amp; living expenses. I am not getting any stipend or any sort of payment. I am taking this training on my own interest and am not employed anywhere. 
14658	Is there a 3G Sim Card that is usable in both Japan and China?	I will be going to Japan and China next month. As I don't want to activate the data roaming on my carrier due to the high charge, I am looking to buy local Sim Card with 3G data plan that is cheap and usable in both Japan and China.   Where and how I can buy them? I am carrying an iPhone 4.   I understand that I can buy Chinese SimCard 3G with data plan in China, but unfortunately with that SimCard comes with a lot of restrictions as to which site I can browse and which site I can't. Is there any other better alternative? 
49890	Rent a motorbike vs taking an organized ride/tour in Indonesia?	In Indonesia, there is often a not-advertised way of visiting places.  Whether it's about visiting a famous temple, go to a volcano, visit a few local craftsmen, and so on. It's often possible to simply rent a motorbike (scooter) and do it on your own.   Why would I choose to do it on my own rather than do it with a prearranged tour/ride?    Related questions:  Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible?  Yogyakarta to mount Merapi by scooter, possible?  Banyuwangi to Kawa Ijen by motorbike, possible?  Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia? 
49890	Rent a motorbike vs taking an organized ride/tour in Indonesia?	In Indonesia, there is often a not-advertised way of visiting places.  Whether it's about visiting a famous temple, go to a volcano, visit a few local craftsmen, and so on. It's often possible to simply rent a motorbike (scooter) and do it on your own.   Why would I choose to do it on my own rather than do it with a prearranged tour/ride?    Related questions:  Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible?  Yogyakarta to mount Merapi by scooter, possible?  Banyuwangi to Kawa Ijen by motorbike, possible?  Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia? 
49890	Rent a motorbike vs taking an organized ride/tour in Indonesia?	In Indonesia, there is often a not-advertised way of visiting places.  Whether it's about visiting a famous temple, go to a volcano, visit a few local craftsmen, and so on. It's often possible to simply rent a motorbike (scooter) and do it on your own.   Why would I choose to do it on my own rather than do it with a prearranged tour/ride?    Related questions:  Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible?  Yogyakarta to mount Merapi by scooter, possible?  Banyuwangi to Kawa Ijen by motorbike, possible?  Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia? 
49890	Rent a motorbike vs taking an organized ride/tour in Indonesia?	In Indonesia, there is often a not-advertised way of visiting places.  Whether it's about visiting a famous temple, go to a volcano, visit a few local craftsmen, and so on. It's often possible to simply rent a motorbike (scooter) and do it on your own.   Why would I choose to do it on my own rather than do it with a prearranged tour/ride?    Related questions:  Probolinggo to Bromo by motorbike, possible?  Yogyakarta to mount Merapi by scooter, possible?  Banyuwangi to Kawa Ijen by motorbike, possible?  Is it possible to motorcycle through Southeast Asia? 
17121	Are there any countries in South-East Asia that don't require a motorcycle licence to ride one?	I only have an European car drivers licence and I'm wondering if it is possible to rent/buy a motorcycle somewhere in South-East Asia and ride it. Is it allowed in some countries in that area? Or are there countries where it's not checked at all if you have a licence?  Highly related to this question, but now I'm looking for answers about South-East Asia. 
49900	Transit visa for Indian passport holder having Schengen visa	I am an Indian passport holder having a Schengen student visa, I have a lay-over of 22 hours at Istanbul airport on my flight back to Mumbai from Leipzig, Germany. I want to know if I need a transit VISA if I wish to go sightseeing at Istanbul for those 22 hours, and if I need, then is it a different Visa for transit or the same as a normal e-visa. Will I be able to travel on my Schengen visa? I am travelling by Turkish airlines. 
49902	UK citizen, proof of funds for Canadian long visit	I'm a little worried. My partner and I are planning to travel to Canada in less than a week, with return flights booked for just over a 5 months period. We've been told this will suffice for a tourist visa to accommodate for this period.   I'm not sure about proof of funds. I get paid 2 days after we arrive in Canada and my wage slip will be posted out to me too late. My partner's wages and my funds should come to about 4-5000CAD combined. We have a hotel booked for the first 5 nights as we have viewings scheduled for those days for our accommodation. We do have friends to visit and a further 3000CAD from my wages. I've seen posts on other sites about having proof of accommodation and funds.  What quantity of funds are needed and what will happen with regards to accommodation proof? 
49891	Is it legal/safe to visit the Calais border crossing?	There are many videos on the Internet showing migrants attempting to enter trucks crossing the English channel.    I think it would be interesting to visit that road and talk to the guys making that journey. However I'm concerned that:   It is potentially illegal The migrants aren't particularly welcoming towards tourists   Does anyone have experience visiting that site? The border crossing migration has been active for many years, so I assume someone has tried it. 
49925	How much should I worry about the 6 month rule on passport validity for visiting Israel?	I have reservations on El Al to travel from JFK to Israel on July 5th and return on July 15th.  My US passport expires on January 10, 2016.  The airline told me that they would not let me board because Jan 10 is less than 6 months from July 15th,  At various times El Al customer service reps and a supervisor said it was due to a TSA regulation, a US State Department Regulation, and an Israel requirement. I checked with those sources and was told they have no such requirement, but that some airlines do.  Why would an airline require a passport 6 months after the last date of travel?  Should I jump through the hoops (and spend the money) to get an expedited passport renewal, or just show up at the airport? 
49924	7 Hours to Kill in Atatürk	I am booked to go from Dublin to Hong Kong with Turkish airlines with a stopover in Istanbul.  There is a long layover, and I was wondering if anyone knows if I can leave the airport and head into Istanbul itself, and if so, is 7 hours long enough? 
49942	Europe travel from a work visa	Suppose I get a work visa to work in Paris. Does that mean I can take a train and travel anywhere within the Schengen region, though I do not have a tourist visa? Or should I carry a tourist visa from specific consulates in addition to the work visa? 
49942	Europe travel from a work visa	Suppose I get a work visa to work in Paris. Does that mean I can take a train and travel anywhere within the Schengen region, though I do not have a tourist visa? Or should I carry a tourist visa from specific consulates in addition to the work visa? 
49958	Driving from UK to Turkey, is a French Schengen visa sufficient?	I'm intending to drive to Turkey through EU countries ie; France, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria. I know I'm ok as a UK national, but the wife is a Turkish citizen with indefinite leave to remain in the UK. Could she use a multiple entry French Schengen visa all the way to Turkey and back? 
49924	7 Hours to Kill in Atatürk	I am booked to go from Dublin to Hong Kong with Turkish airlines with a stopover in Istanbul.  There is a long layover, and I was wondering if anyone knows if I can leave the airport and head into Istanbul itself, and if so, is 7 hours long enough? 
49913	Caucasus: end overland trip where I started without retracing my steps	I'm looking into a Caucasus trip visiting Turkey, Georgia and Armenia. A return flight from IST is far cheaper than a multi-city flight, so I'd like to get back to Istanbul without going over the same route I came in (through Georgia, which as I understand seems to be the only way to get to Armenia from Turkey)  Given local neighbour relations, what path can I take that includes all three but doesn't repeat any part of the journey ?  To return from Armenia, I see two equally unreliable options:    Getting an Azerbaijan transit visa and crossing Naxchivan, but the Armenia-Azerbaijan border is apparently closed, and I'm afraid an Armenian stamp in my passport could complicate this passage. The Armenia-Azerbaijan border is closed, so that settles this issue. Getting an Iranian visa in Georgia then boarding the Tehran-Istanbul train. This is risky as Canadian-Iranian relations aren't super right now, I've heard of people being denied visas.  
49981	Transit in Europe with Expired Canadian PR and valid USA visa	I am a holder of Egyptian passport. I want to travel from Toronto to Abu-Dhabi through Europe. I have an expired Canadian PR card and a valid USA visa. My return will be via the states.  Will i be allowed to transit in Europe? will i be allowed to leave Toronto to Europe?  Thanks. SS 
49958	Driving from UK to Turkey, is a French Schengen visa sufficient?	I'm intending to drive to Turkey through EU countries ie; France, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria. I know I'm ok as a UK national, but the wife is a Turkish citizen with indefinite leave to remain in the UK. Could she use a multiple entry French Schengen visa all the way to Turkey and back? 
49932	What to do without underwear on a 4 day trip?	Ok, this might be a ridiculous question/situation but it's my situation.   I'm at a football camp in boston until Friday, and I've realized I forgot to pack any underwear (I wear boxers), I have the one pair I came with. I'm going to be pretty active for these days, so far my current strategy is to go commando at night, and wear the boxers only when I'm exercising. I can't get any from people or a store, does anyone have any ideas/improvisation tactics?  
5024	What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch?	As you may have seen in my other posts I am in the early stages of planning my Eurotrip this summer which if you are interested in seeing the planned route go here:   http://www.tripline.net/trip/Eurotrip_Bruce-6031502460441004AB55F3DFBEB7A2DD  I am trying to decide what sort of gadget I buy to use for communication with home whilst on my journey through Europe.  So far I see myself with four options:   The Tablet PC (iPad, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy);     Advantages: portable, WiFi, 3G connectivity in some, long battery life Disadvantages: expensive, flashy, can't store alot of media e.g. images or movies  The Netbook (Asus EEEpad, Acer aspire, Toshiba, Samsung, Sony)    Advantages: cheaper, keyboard, Wifi, USB, better storage Disadvantages: less portable, power source to charge?, performance  The Smartphone (iphone, HTC, nokia N97)      Advantages: connectivity Wifi and mobile network, lightweight, can do music and basic movies, can charge with USB in some phones. Disadvantages: not able to store photos backup data, not as capable in tasks like a Netbook or tablet pc.     4- Laptop (Dell, Asus, ALienware :D? )   Advantages: powerful, storage for photos, games/movies/music Disadvantages: flashy = more likely to get stolen, heavy, expensive   If any of you have tried travelling with any of these devices or could recommend a particular type or make then please do so: I like photography so I need something to store my photos in from my memory card   What is Wifi like in Europe is it popular or just in the main cities? Also what is 3G coverage like, would it be worth getting a roaming international SIM card to take with me?  
50022	I am interested in visiting a refugee camp. What would be a good place to do so in Europe?	My previous question concerning the Calais border crossing received answers indicating it's probably not a good place to visit. However I am still very much interested in exploring the current refugee crisis in person.  What would be a good location to visit a refugee camp, particularly the ones receiving people who come to the EU by boat? My reasoning is that I would like to get a good understanding of this highly controversial issue and there's no better way than personal contact.  Some ideas include:   Malta  Lampedusa  Ceuta and Melilla  
50038	South African passport holder traveling via Heathow to Ireland	My daughter is traveling from SA to Ireland Dublin via Heathrow .  She will be catching a connecting flight to Dublin via an Irish airline  What visa is required ? 
49142	Medan to Singkil, how to?	I want to go to Singkil (located in the southern part of the Aceh province, Sumatra, Indonesia) from Medan (Indonesia).  What transportation options are there available (buses, shared taxi, taxi, or else)?  Considering I do NOT have my own car. 
50048	starting a flight at a stopover point	I have a ticket from Larnaca Cyprus, via London to Houston. I no longer want to start my journey in Larnaca as I will be in London. Can I just get on the plane in London after the 10 hour layover at Heathrow. It's also a change of airline but on one ticket. 
50048	starting a flight at a stopover point	I have a ticket from Larnaca Cyprus, via London to Houston. I no longer want to start my journey in Larnaca as I will be in London. Can I just get on the plane in London after the 10 hour layover at Heathrow. It's also a change of airline but on one ticket. 
50046	Single entry visa with stop-over	I have a single entry visa to Spain from Abu Dhabi via Brussels. Flight from Abu Dhabi to Brussels is with Etihad airways and from Brussels to Barcelona is with Ryan Air. Knowing that I am changing the airline, and I need to collect my luggage upon arrival to Brussels, am I allowed to pass the passport control to collect my luggage and enter again from the passport control to take the flight to Barcelona? The same scenario is for the return flight, I have a long stopover am I allowed to get out of the airport? I am worried that this may not be considered as a single entry? 
50048	starting a flight at a stopover point	I have a ticket from Larnaca Cyprus, via London to Houston. I no longer want to start my journey in Larnaca as I will be in London. Can I just get on the plane in London after the 10 hour layover at Heathrow. It's also a change of airline but on one ticket. 
50066	Are there any lightweight travel alarm clocks?	I am looking for a lightweight, portable alarm clock for travel? This is my feature list:   Preferably analogue display, with florescent hands. No ticking noise! Alarm with snooze. Alarm does not stop beeping after N minutes or X snooze cycles. Lightweight and compact for storage, and the alarm can be disabled so it won't beep in the bag.   Something along the lines of the Casio TQ-140 would be great, but I'm not sure if it ticks and it has no snooze. I would use the alarm on my phone, but it is known to be buggy. 
50067	return layover in US require customs	I am flying from Bangkok to Boston with a layover in Newark. Will I go through customs in Newark or my destination, Boston? 
50065	1 and a half hour connection time in Munich with different airlines	I'm currently booking flights and my one flight is packaged as ARN - MUC - YYZ - YOW  The connection time in MUC is 1.5hr. My flight flips from Lufthansa to Air Canada in MUC as well.  Is that enough time? How can i find out if my baggage is checked for me or if i need to grab it? 
50077	What's the point of reserving a seat when purchasing an Off-Peak/Anytime train ticket with National Rail?	My understanding is that Off-Peak UK National Rail train tickets can be used on any train serving the selected route, as long as the travelling time window fits in the off-peak definition. Or Buy anytime, travel off peak, as National Rail puts it. Similarly, Anytime tickets allow passengers to travel at any time, as the name suggests.  However when I was booking my Off-Peak ticket I was asked if I wished to reserve a seat. Wouldn't that go against the whole principle of travelling any time provided you travel off-peak? In other words, does reserving a seat linked to an Off-Peak/Anytime journey force me to travel on that particular train, or am I still free to pick the one that suits me best?  Just to add some context, I'm looking to book a fairly complex train journey with 3+ connections, crossing 2 countries. I am therefore worried of delays which might cause me to miss my connecting trains. My rationale would be to buy Off-Peak tickets so that I can travel on any train, thus removing delayed connections from the equation. Upon booking I saw that both Advance as well as Off-Peak tickets can be purchased. I'm worried that reserving a seat would invalidate my right to pick any train I wish. 
50077	What's the point of reserving a seat when purchasing an Off-Peak/Anytime train ticket with National Rail?	My understanding is that Off-Peak UK National Rail train tickets can be used on any train serving the selected route, as long as the travelling time window fits in the off-peak definition. Or Buy anytime, travel off peak, as National Rail puts it. Similarly, Anytime tickets allow passengers to travel at any time, as the name suggests.  However when I was booking my Off-Peak ticket I was asked if I wished to reserve a seat. Wouldn't that go against the whole principle of travelling any time provided you travel off-peak? In other words, does reserving a seat linked to an Off-Peak/Anytime journey force me to travel on that particular train, or am I still free to pick the one that suits me best?  Just to add some context, I'm looking to book a fairly complex train journey with 3+ connections, crossing 2 countries. I am therefore worried of delays which might cause me to miss my connecting trains. My rationale would be to buy Off-Peak tickets so that I can travel on any train, thus removing delayed connections from the equation. Upon booking I saw that both Advance as well as Off-Peak tickets can be purchased. I'm worried that reserving a seat would invalidate my right to pick any train I wish. 
50099	Carrying 3 laptops (1 new and 2 old) in hand luggage to India	While traveling on business to Australia from India, I carried my personal HP laptop (4 years old). Unfortunately, my laptop overheated and I had to buy a new Macbook Pro from Australia. I have the receipt indicating the same.   Later, I traveled to China from Australia; carrying 2 laptops in hand luggage. I got my old laptop repaired and it works like a charm. Now, I want to buy another laptop as a gift for my friend. Can I carry 3 laptops in hand luggage to India?  I've not declared anything on the customs declaration form as the items were not new when I was leaving the country and they are all personal items.   My flight details are - Qingdao -&gt; Beijing -&gt; Mumbai. 
50027	Is the water potable in Swiss mountain huts?	Swiss mountain huts often have running water (for toilets and handwashing), but usually signage that state the water is not potable for drinking.  Is this sign for one's own benefit (and health), just a CYA (cover-your-ass) strategy for the hut, or a tactic intended to sell more bottled water (usually at ridiculous prices)?  In addition to avoiding the cost of the water sold in the hut, I feel it's not really eco-friendly to helicopter in a ton of water bottles and then have to dispose of the waste. Nobody needs an excuse to hydrate less (especially in the mountains), but obviously not catching any weird bugs is important too. 
50125	Refused my first visa application to UK, Can I apply for Schengen visa now for another visit?	I applied for UK business visa 10 days ago and it was refused because of a missing document, Here is full question on same - http://travel.stackexchange.com/a/49744/30903  Now I need to go to Italy as a tourist, Can I apply ?  If yes, what else things I would need to take care of ? 
50136	What is the safest way to pack syrup on a long-haul flight?	I would like to bring some homemade syrup on a long-haul flight which requires a flight transfer. I am thinking of putting it into some empty 500ml plastic mineral water bottles. How to make sure it arrives intact at its destination?  
50142	UK transit visa for Indian Citizen travelling to India having a Residence permit in Brussels	I am an Indian citizen and will travel to India via Heathrow airport. I am residing in Belgium for last 8 months and I have a valid residence permit. My question is do I need any kind of visa to transit through Heathrow airport? Thanks in advance  
5408	Why is a nonstop flight sometimes more expensive than multiple connections?	Usually I find a flight I like that uses one or more connections with the same or different companies. In these cases, if the distance between the first and the second connection is not too large, I prefer to go by bus or train and then take the flight. The problem is that sometimes it is more expensive to take the flight in the second airport than to take the flight from the first one. I mean, I'm wondering why sometimes it is more expensive to take only a flight than to take the same flight and another one.  A practical example (and real, you can check with SkyScanner). Imagine I am in Madrid (Spain) and would like to go to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) on April 1st. The cheapest flight I have found is this:     TAM airlines: MAD - GRU - GIG : 507 €   Fantastic! GRU is one of São Paulo's airports. That's perfect for me! I'll go on to Rio traveling overland. But then, I look for this flight (MAD - GRU, non-stop):     TAM airlines: MAD - GRU : 597 €   It's the same flight, 90 € more expensive! I've found this kind of behavior a lot of times and I'm intrigued to know why it happens. 
50170	Why is a direct flight twice as expensive as a flight with 1 stop where the stop is the same city as the destination of the direct flight?	As the title shows I found the following:  1 direct return flight HK-Vancouver- HK, priced at HKD 10600  and  1 return flight HK- Vancouver - Seattle - Vancouver - HK, priced at 5200 HKD  How is that possible? I understand Air Canada might want to compete with different American airlines that are able to service Seattle but I saw the same weird pricing offered by Korean Airlines and other non Canadian/non American airlines.   My question is this: With the 1-stop flight, can I get off in Vancouver and not partake in the 2nd leg of the journey? Can I collect my suitcases at Vancouver even if the final stop is Seattle? Even more important, on the way back to Hong Kong, can I board the flight in Vancouver instead of in Seattle?   I am just wondering because despite all potential reasons of price discrimination, and other marketing techniques that may attempt to explain this price discrepancy, I find no logic in how those 2 different flights are priced at all. Can someone explain?  Thanks      Here the flight with 1 stop , 1/2 price, and the first leg being the exact same as the direct flight.     
50170	Why is a direct flight twice as expensive as a flight with 1 stop where the stop is the same city as the destination of the direct flight?	As the title shows I found the following:  1 direct return flight HK-Vancouver- HK, priced at HKD 10600  and  1 return flight HK- Vancouver - Seattle - Vancouver - HK, priced at 5200 HKD  How is that possible? I understand Air Canada might want to compete with different American airlines that are able to service Seattle but I saw the same weird pricing offered by Korean Airlines and other non Canadian/non American airlines.   My question is this: With the 1-stop flight, can I get off in Vancouver and not partake in the 2nd leg of the journey? Can I collect my suitcases at Vancouver even if the final stop is Seattle? Even more important, on the way back to Hong Kong, can I board the flight in Vancouver instead of in Seattle?   I am just wondering because despite all potential reasons of price discrimination, and other marketing techniques that may attempt to explain this price discrepancy, I find no logic in how those 2 different flights are priced at all. Can someone explain?  Thanks      Here the flight with 1 stop , 1/2 price, and the first leg being the exact same as the direct flight.     
50161	16' Penske box truck - do I need to stop a scale?	I have a 16 foot box truck - do I need to stop at scales? 
50166	Will i be allow to enter Dubai with 4 days left for expiring date?	I'm from Ghana and I have 60 days visa to Dubai but has left with 4 days to expire. It will expire on 5th July but I will be ready to go on 1st July. Will I be allow to enter and how many days can I spend there? 
50197	Where to find ferry flights and empty leg flights?	Based on this question Avoiding crew fatigue on empty leg flights I learned that there are "empty leg" flights or "ferry flights".  These seem a good option but I would like to know more about them.  Where are these announced? How can one travel this way? 
50196	Can I travel from India to USA through Heathrow airport?	I want to travel to USA from India through Heathrow (UK) airport. When I travelled to USA from India on H4 visa. After that I got H1 approval and my change of status changed to H1. Then I returned back to India and now my H1 has expired. If I want to travel to USA through Heathrow, is it possible or will I have any problems regarding change of status or not? 
50238	Why do some boarding passes fail to mention when gates close?	Why do some boarding passes fail to mention when gates close?  For example I recently saw:    While some boarding passes do mention when gates close:   
50238	Why do some boarding passes fail to mention when gates close?	Why do some boarding passes fail to mention when gates close?  For example I recently saw:    While some boarding passes do mention when gates close:   
50246	Will I need to clear US customs twice?	I'm flying to Lubbock in Texas in September. I can get flights with a 2 hour 25 min layover in Newark, or a 3 hour layover in Chicago.  However, from there I have to get a connecting flight to Houston. The most I can find is a 50 minute layover there before boarding the flight to Lubbock. Will I have to go through customs at Houston as well?  If so, I guess I'll need a longer layover there? 
50245	What are potential dangers of putting a copy of one's boarding pass online?	I wonder what the downsides are of putting a copy of one's boarding pass online. 
50250	Where is the best place to buy a train ticket in AMS airport	Related to this How do you exit Dutch railway stations with an international paper-based ticket?  I go to AMS fairly regularly and than normally just take the train into Centraal or Hilversum. Last time the wait at the ticket machines in the arrival hall was about an hour with 30-40 people lining up in front of every machine. Ironically buying the ticket took lot longer than actually riding the train.  Is there another (perhaps less known) place where to buy tickets? Can I buy them upfront online? 
50248	Schengen Zone, when can I re-enter	Hoping someone can shed some light on this for me. I am from Australia and have a UK 2 year working visa. I am about to start travelling through Europe. I am aware you get 90 days out of 180 days to spend in the Schengen zone. My first stop is Prague. So if I get a stamp in my passport from there on the 30th of June, travelling for 90 days in a row (although some time spent back in the UK and also Croatia, which don't count) does that mean that my 180 days is up on the 30th December (give or take a day or two) ?  Does that then mean, that on the 31st December, say for example if I were to go to Italy and get a stamp, would my new 90 days of 180 days start then again? 
50257	Better to obtain a temporary smartphone in the US or in Europe	I'm an American, planning to fly to the British Isles at the end of the summer. I'm going to do a quick tour of Ireland, England and a few countries on the mainland over a few weeks. After reading What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?, What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch? and other posts here, I decided I would like to carry a smartphone with me. Nothing fancy, since I'm only going to be using it for a few weeks. Just enough that I can use keepgo (or a similar service) to have maps, a translator and the other powers of the Internet with me even when I'm not near WiFi. I don't care about voice or text service.  My issue now is that keepgo requires an unlocked phone. I don't know how things work in Europe, but in the US, unlocked phones are somewhat more expensive than carrier locked phones and are slightly harder to find in stores. I have seen some advice that it's best to wait until you get to your destination country and purchase a phone there because carriers and handsets aren't tied to each other in the same way they are in the US, but this advice is vague and not consistent.  Just to be clear, is it possible to buy unlocked 3G/4G smartphones in Europe? More importantly, if so, would it make more sense for me to buy there or to get one before I leave and bring it with me?  Off the cuff, potential considerations include   European regulations or restrictions that might make it harder for me because I am a foreigner? lack of easy availability of unlocked phones in US, would need to find a GSM quad-band phone, but in Europe, would just need any regular phone price difference?   One of the answers brought up a third option: unlocking my current phone. If we're being honest, that did not occur to me before. But after considering it I think I don't want to. It looks like my US carrier doesn't cooperate with unlocking (although, as Michael Hampton pointed out, they may now be required to by their trade organization's recent policy) and Internet unlock code retailers are sketch. Also I don't want to have problems with it when far from home or have to think about regular life issues when on vacation. 
50257	Better to obtain a temporary smartphone in the US or in Europe	I'm an American, planning to fly to the British Isles at the end of the summer. I'm going to do a quick tour of Ireland, England and a few countries on the mainland over a few weeks. After reading What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?, What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch? and other posts here, I decided I would like to carry a smartphone with me. Nothing fancy, since I'm only going to be using it for a few weeks. Just enough that I can use keepgo (or a similar service) to have maps, a translator and the other powers of the Internet with me even when I'm not near WiFi. I don't care about voice or text service.  My issue now is that keepgo requires an unlocked phone. I don't know how things work in Europe, but in the US, unlocked phones are somewhat more expensive than carrier locked phones and are slightly harder to find in stores. I have seen some advice that it's best to wait until you get to your destination country and purchase a phone there because carriers and handsets aren't tied to each other in the same way they are in the US, but this advice is vague and not consistent.  Just to be clear, is it possible to buy unlocked 3G/4G smartphones in Europe? More importantly, if so, would it make more sense for me to buy there or to get one before I leave and bring it with me?  Off the cuff, potential considerations include   European regulations or restrictions that might make it harder for me because I am a foreigner? lack of easy availability of unlocked phones in US, would need to find a GSM quad-band phone, but in Europe, would just need any regular phone price difference?   One of the answers brought up a third option: unlocking my current phone. If we're being honest, that did not occur to me before. But after considering it I think I don't want to. It looks like my US carrier doesn't cooperate with unlocking (although, as Michael Hampton pointed out, they may now be required to by their trade organization's recent policy) and Internet unlock code retailers are sketch. Also I don't want to have problems with it when far from home or have to think about regular life issues when on vacation. 
50257	Better to obtain a temporary smartphone in the US or in Europe	I'm an American, planning to fly to the British Isles at the end of the summer. I'm going to do a quick tour of Ireland, England and a few countries on the mainland over a few weeks. After reading What is the best way to get temporary smartphone data service across multiple countries?, What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch? and other posts here, I decided I would like to carry a smartphone with me. Nothing fancy, since I'm only going to be using it for a few weeks. Just enough that I can use keepgo (or a similar service) to have maps, a translator and the other powers of the Internet with me even when I'm not near WiFi. I don't care about voice or text service.  My issue now is that keepgo requires an unlocked phone. I don't know how things work in Europe, but in the US, unlocked phones are somewhat more expensive than carrier locked phones and are slightly harder to find in stores. I have seen some advice that it's best to wait until you get to your destination country and purchase a phone there because carriers and handsets aren't tied to each other in the same way they are in the US, but this advice is vague and not consistent.  Just to be clear, is it possible to buy unlocked 3G/4G smartphones in Europe? More importantly, if so, would it make more sense for me to buy there or to get one before I leave and bring it with me?  Off the cuff, potential considerations include   European regulations or restrictions that might make it harder for me because I am a foreigner? lack of easy availability of unlocked phones in US, would need to find a GSM quad-band phone, but in Europe, would just need any regular phone price difference?   One of the answers brought up a third option: unlocking my current phone. If we're being honest, that did not occur to me before. But after considering it I think I don't want to. It looks like my US carrier doesn't cooperate with unlocking (although, as Michael Hampton pointed out, they may now be required to by their trade organization's recent policy) and Internet unlock code retailers are sketch. Also I don't want to have problems with it when far from home or have to think about regular life issues when on vacation. 
50265	Transit Visa in Munich (for Mexico travel) for Indian passport holder	I am travelling from New Delhi to Mexico via Munich, having to connect flight at Munich. Will again return the same path 10 days later. Will I be required to go through immigration and therefore require transit visa for connecting flight at Munich if I do not go out of the airport? I am passport holder of India. I take Luftantsa, single ticket.  
49898	Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence?	I have a European car licence. But I don't have any motorcycle licence.  Am I allowed to ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia? 
44392	Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?	I am planning to travel to Bali during the month of July. I have a driving license of India, but I don't have an International Driving Permit. Is it fine to drive a motorcycle in Bali with out it? What are the alternatives that I can look out for in this case? 
50271	Bribing Indonesian police for missing motorbike license	I really hate to do this, but it seems like I most likely will have to bribe the police at some point because I do not have a motorbike license and I'm driving a scooter in Indonesia for several weeks.  See the related questions in this topic:   Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence? Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?   So my question is: what is the minimum amount (in 2015) I can expect to pay when the police stops me and start pressuring me for some bribe?  
50271	Bribing Indonesian police for missing motorbike license	I really hate to do this, but it seems like I most likely will have to bribe the police at some point because I do not have a motorbike license and I'm driving a scooter in Indonesia for several weeks.  See the related questions in this topic:   Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence? Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?   So my question is: what is the minimum amount (in 2015) I can expect to pay when the police stops me and start pressuring me for some bribe?  
50273	Refusal of UK visitor visa - what went wrong and how to avoid reoccurrence?	My husband was refused visa to UK on grounds that the ECA was not satisfied that he will return to Nigeria within the stipulated time. He was requesting for visa to attend my graduation. The ECO comments were:  "you state you work part time with XYZ and as evidence you have provided a letter from them which states that you have done freelance work for them from 2012; however you have provided no documentary payment slips as evidence of payments you receive from them." "you state you have a business called ABC, you provided receipts of goods purchased online to be shipped to America; however this is not evidence of your net income" "I am not satisfied you have demonstrated the level of income you have stated" "you provided bank statement for ABC company and yourself with no provision of evidence of funds paid into these accounts so I am not satisfied that you own the funds"  The final paragraph was something like “given statements made and documents provided and balance of probabilities, he/she isn’t satisfied that my husband is genuinely seeking entry as visitor for a limited period of 6 months or that he intends to leave the UK at the end of the visit required by para V4.2(a) of immigration rules.” Again one of the statements made was “you said you earn XXX monthly and your business tax clearance with yearly income of YYY. The purchase receipts of goods purchased online is not evidence of your net income”. My take is that what is he earns as a person monthly is different from what the company’s end of year income would be so I will like to understand the statement. Again, the purchase receipts were not evidence of net income but evidence of the company as a going concern purchase goods required to drive the business forward. The UK visa form suggested adding documents like bill of lading for people who do international business; hence the purchase receipts.  I need to further understand what happened for the future. So my concerns are below;- Online "useless evidence" of goods purchased in America mentioned; the goods were purchased from different companies in America and payment made via master or visa card on those companies portals. Some of these companies ship directly to Nigeria and my husband pays for the shipping while some don't so he requests that they ship to registered freight forwarding companies in America. The statement of accounts show that some of the outward payments from the accounts were for overseas purchase of the goods. I do not understand why the purchase receipts, shippers invoice/airway bills, custom duty payments receipts are useless evidence. The UK visa form requested for evidence of things like bill of lading - this shows overseas purchases and imports were made (if I understand correctly). Since he doesn’t have bill of lading, my guess is that the above mentioned receipts prove same thing.  Unsubstantiated payments into his accounts:- most of the payments were for jobs done (company acct) and the part time job (personal acct). I do not understand what no traceable deposits means as commented. Narrations on the payment into his accounts read for example “from Min of Health XYZ……” or a private company name, or whoever he executed contract for. Payment from the part time job always states the name of the government organisation (e.g. Min of Works) so I don’t understand what it means to say no traceable deposits. Were we to highlight these payments esp for the part time job to for easy read by the ECO? My layman’s thinking was why do that if you have nothing to hide? Let the officer review the statement without your input/direction (my layman thinking).  Yes, there are some clients that pay cash when he delivers the job and he banks the cash immediately. However, credits into his accounts are by local wire transfer from his clients and they are narrated in his statement of accounts. For the salary slip from the government body, I guess they (all part times) will have to work on having their salary slips not just the regular wire credit payments into their accounts. Also mentioned that he needs to get proper bank accounts and start making regular deposits. I don’t understand what this means because what I see looks like a proper bank account with regular transactions i.e. deposits (cash and wire) and withdrawals (cash and wire) for his businesses. Although the part time government body had said they issue pay slips to permanent employees only. For people in their category, the form they filled upon engagement with the organisation and the letter is all they have.   My status in UK, I am in Nigeria and I have a good job were I earn about GBP2,000 monthly on the average aside intermittent allowances. Was it necessary include information of my status, in UK or Nigeria or wherever current, to the ECO since I wasn’t the person applying for the visa? If yes, that’s a lesson for next time but neither of us had/has intentions of living in the UK although I thoroughly enjoyed my educational experience in UK and that’s it. My husband even has too much to lose by leaving Nigeria now. He has built his business to what it is so far with brighter potentials ahead and he is not ready to give that all up. He has his goals and he is achieving them. He hasn’t been interested in visiting the UK in spite of my pleas and emotional blackmails. That is why I was crushed by the feedback from the ECO.  As for reapplying, that maybe futile coz the date for the ceremony may have passed by the time the feedback is received if we are looking at 3 – 12 weeks’ timeframe based on what you said. Particularly the upper limit timeframe of 12 weeks’. For me the lonely trip to n fro for the graduation ceremony is depressing if at all I will embark on that trip. I am wondering the use of my lonely attendance.  My husband's ties to Nigeria; he recently won a competitive bid for a good contract with an international NGO and they are tiding up documentation. The job will last at least a year and will be starting within first week of July. The mail from the NGO informing him of being the preferred bidder and so on was included amongst other documents submitted for visa consideration. My husband has invested substantially in his company; various equipment, good contacts, good business reputation. The man I know is unlikely to leave all these and jolt out in addition to the fact that we live very decent lives here in Nigeria.   Given the above information/explanation what can be done in future especially on the bank statements to avoid such occurrences in future?  Lastly, since there is no time to reapply for visa, given that the event may have passed by the time response is received, do you think it is necessary to write a letter addressing these issues just for the records?  
50280	Schengen Transit Visa	Please advise if need transit visa in Europe if am holding Indian passport &amp; US visa and flying from Washington to Delhi with 2 stops anywhere in the Europe?  Do I need transit visa if there is 2 stops (anywhere in the Europe)? 
50282	Schengen Visa for Austria and Germany	Please advise where do i need transit visa in Europe if am holding Indian passport &amp; US visa and flying from Washington to Delhi with 2 stops anywhere in the Europe. For Exp: i am going to Delhi to Washington via Vienna, Austria (layover is only for 4 hours 20 minutes) then fly back from Detroit to Delhi via Frankfurt, Germany FRA (layover is only for 2 hours 40 minutes) and Vienna, Austria VIE (layover is only for 3 hours) 
50282	Schengen Visa for Austria and Germany	Please advise where do i need transit visa in Europe if am holding Indian passport &amp; US visa and flying from Washington to Delhi with 2 stops anywhere in the Europe. For Exp: i am going to Delhi to Washington via Vienna, Austria (layover is only for 4 hours 20 minutes) then fly back from Detroit to Delhi via Frankfurt, Germany FRA (layover is only for 2 hours 40 minutes) and Vienna, Austria VIE (layover is only for 3 hours) 
50250	Where is the best place to buy a train ticket in AMS airport	Related to this How do you exit Dutch railway stations with an international paper-based ticket?  I go to AMS fairly regularly and than normally just take the train into Centraal or Hilversum. Last time the wait at the ticket machines in the arrival hall was about an hour with 30-40 people lining up in front of every machine. Ironically buying the ticket took lot longer than actually riding the train.  Is there another (perhaps less known) place where to buy tickets? Can I buy them upfront online? 
50299	Are there any laws that prevent reserving two adjacent seats for one person for a flight with Ryanair?	Ryanair is very cheap and I can afford to pay for another seat in exchange for a little bit more comfort. I do that sometimes on the train and there are no laws against it as far as I know. On the train I can claim that my wife just went to the toilet and show that I have the ticket for the seat next to me.  In Some countries you can do that on the bus too.     In fact if my laptop was heavier than 15kg it would be cheaper for me to buy another ticket instead of paying for the laptop as an extra bag   
50311	Travel Insurance for my parents visiting the U.S	My parents are visiting the U.S. and are planning on staying for a few months. I was wondering what are some of the (reputable /trustworthy) health insurance companies in the U.S. that can provide travel Insurance for someone who is visiting the U.S.   F.Y.I.: I want to purchase the insurance for them in the U.S. because I can do all the paper work for them from U.S. instead of trying to call some guy/company overseas. So, please don't recommend buying insurance from their home country. I also found this link on stackexchange but it does not specify which one of these companies are actually trustworthy/reputable companies (same problem I have when I Google ). So, please when you respond share with me the name of companies you have used or know someone that used before and was happy with them.  just to add more clarification and eliminate generating endless responses based on opionon...If the company is BBB accredited then it's good enough.  http://www.bbb.org/search/ 
50292	Help with South African 90 Day Visitor visa	I am a brit visiting family and friends in South Africa with my duel brit/south african GF, I have already been granted a 90 day Visitor visa which expires the end of July, unfortunately i haven't been able to do the rest of my itinerary yet and am wanting to leave South Africa and return until October (which is when the return flight to England is booked) I have read lots of conflicting information about going on holiday to Botswana or similar surrounding countries for a few weeks or having to return home to then come back again to obtain the new 90 day visa. I have also called the Embassy who informed me that you have to leave 90 days between each 90 day visa is granted which is crazy surely? She also wasn't really listening and never asked me my country of origin. Any help would  be appreciated as I am eager to return for another adventure with my GF. I do not intend on overstaying as we both live in England etc and have just taken a year travelling break both visiting Australia and now visiting South Africa. Thanks 
50342	Do i need a transit visa UK	I am an Indian national travelling to US to meet my son, on valid visa, in Aug this year (2015). On the return trip from US to India, want to stop at London for about 36 hours. Land ( by air) at morning on Day 1 and leave for India, by air, on Day 2 (before mindnight). Do I need a transit visa? Thanks Alok 
50321	Indian citizen has UK visa, wants Schengen visa	My wife and I have a UK visa valid for 180 days. We will reside in the UK with my wife's sister (a British citizen). From the UK, we would like to make 3-4 weekend trips to various Schengen countries. Our trips will be sponsored by my wife's sister, who may be accompanying us. She will arrange our trips. How do we apply and get the visa? 
50358	How do I purchase and book a round trip ticket for someone living in Ghana to come to U.S.?	I have met someone on the internet and have decided to invite her as my guest in America for a visit. I need to know the process of purchasing the round trip air-fare. I am not very up to speed on purchasing tickets since it has been quite awhile since I have done any flying. I want her to just go to the ticket counter and receive her ticket. 
50371	Canadian visiting family in US while applying for jobs in order to get an interview	I am a Canadian citizen who is going to be visiting extended family in the US. However, on the side, I might also be applying for jobs so that I can at least get an interview.  I am highly aware that Canadian Citizen would need a TN or H1-B visas to work in the US.   However, is it ok for me to just enter the US with my Canadian passport as a visitor in order to intentionally visit extended family while, on the side, apply for jobs in order to get an interview?  ( Moreover, once the prospective employer who interviews me wants to hire me,  I can just go back up to the US-Canadian border in order to get my TN or H1-B visa with all the proper supporting documentation )    Does the aforementioned scenario sound legal? 
50384	What can I do with small change from countries I am unlikely to return to?	I often have small change leftover after visiting a country, usually much less than $1 equivalent.  Keeping it around is a hassle, especially if I'm unlikely to return to that country: I would have to sort it, remember where I put it, remember to look before I travel, etc... In my view this is far too much effort for the few cents I can potentially save in a jar somewhere.  What else can I do with this change? 
50386	US Citizen with UK resident visa - want to travel to Cuba	I am a US citizen but I live in the UK. I have called the Cuban consulate in London and was informed that I am allowed to travel to Cuba, as long as I get the permit.  I worry that due to the Embargo it will bring penalties later on when I enter the US.  Does anybody have any advice on this? 
50390	What is the best strategy for getting cash?	Does it make sense to buy a foreign currency in the country itself or outside the country?  Example: If I'm in NYC and am travelling to China should I buy yuan in NYC or in China? Likewise if I'm in China and I'm travelling to Australia should I buy Australian dollars in China or wait until I'm in Australia.  I'm assuming / wondering if exchange houses would give a better rate so that they don't have as much foreign currency. 
50390	What is the best strategy for getting cash?	Does it make sense to buy a foreign currency in the country itself or outside the country?  Example: If I'm in NYC and am travelling to China should I buy yuan in NYC or in China? Likewise if I'm in China and I'm travelling to Australia should I buy Australian dollars in China or wait until I'm in Australia.  I'm assuming / wondering if exchange houses would give a better rate so that they don't have as much foreign currency. 
50389	US Citizen visiting Canada with a pending passport	I'm visiting Canada in 2 weeks with my family and have yet to order my passport. So, there is no guarantee that I will have my passport in time for the trip even if I did pay for the expedited process. When it is time to reenter the US from my trip, will they accept that I have my passport pending and just check with my birth certificate and social security card? Or will I be trapped in Canada?  Extra info: We are traveling by car. I live in North Carolina so I can't get an enhanced driver's license or a NEXUS pass. 
50394	Unlimited Data Plan Netherlands	Im now here in Netherlands for 3 months work. What is the best pay as you go simcard that offers unlimited data? Badly needed. Hope you can help me. 
50407	Is a transit visa required for Ataturk Airport, Turkey (flying Islamabad to Olso)	I am planning to book a flight from Islamabad, Pakistan  to Oslo, Norway on Turkish Airlines. The flight is via Istanbul Atatürk airport.   I have a 10 hours and 30 minutes of stay at Atatürk airport. Do I need a transit visa for staying at airport terminal?   I have a Pakistani ordinary passport and Norway study visa. 
50429	Kolkata India - Customs Duty on Desktop and Personal Cosmetics	I have come to the US on 2014 and it has been more than 1 year now and we are planning to visit India (Kolkata). I have the following things with me which I will be taking to India, all are my personal item, but I will not bring them back once I return to US.   Alienware Desktop (It's cost is $1400 with taxes). My wife has bought personal cosmetics worth around $5000, but she will be taking around 70% of it. A panasonic camera worth $350   Can you please let me know if I need to pay any customs duty while entering India, as all of these are my personal item. We are planning to visit at the end of the year or early next year. If I need to pay duty, how much do I need to pay for it. 
50431	Applying for visitor visa to France, should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?	I have a British wife and children but I have a British residency, I would like to travel to France with my family this summer, and I have been told it will cost me £75 to get a Spouse visa to enter France as I have to go through the agency to apply for visiting visa. Will I be refused entry if I apply and enter with German Visa? I will be going with Eurostar from London to Paris. Please advise  
50427	What is the cheapest public transportation from the Madrid airport to downtown?	I am going to Madrid for one night so I want to see downtown Madrid.  Because I am just a student with limited budget I am wondering what is the cheapest way to go from the airport of Madrid Terminal 1 to downtown Madrid? 
50425	Fined €110 for Schengen overstay: impact on future visas?	I miscalculated the number of days I would be in the Schengen region for a conference, and was fined 110 euros for overstaying by a day. Will I be refused a Schengen visa in future on account of this? I am an Indian national and was traveling on a business visa. 
50443	Question whether we need transit visas for stopover in Istanbul with no exit from airport	I am a Cameroonian national with the UN Laissez-Passer traveling with my family of 4 (wife and 3 kids with Cameroon passports) from Phnom Penh, Cambodia, to my final destination, Yaounde, Cameroon and transitting through Istanbul on a Turkish Airlines flight. Do we need transit visas?  Best regards, 
50460	Is there a website or resource that lists specific traffic rules or specific signs for each country?	Based on this question: What does this road sign mean? (Germany; red circle and X on a blue background, with a right-pointing arrow.)  I started wondering about differences from country to country relating traffic rules.  In Portugal, I know for example, it's forbidden to talk on the cell phone while you drive, but it's possible that that is not forbidden in other countries. I see it often happening in many countries. Therefore it's easy for a foreigner to get a ticket.  Signs in general are sort of standardized, BUT, there can be different flavours and even signs that you don't see often in your home country. Just because some dangers don't exist.    This sign probably does not exist in Mozambique.  Is there a website or resource that lists specific traffic rules or specific signs for each country? This would be mighty useful for travellers planning road-trips in foreign countries. 
50424	Do I need a "chip" card in the Czech Republic?	I'm an American, and I'm traveling to the Czech Republic later this summer for a few weeks. I have a Visa debit card from a local credit union for use in ATMs and a Visa credit card from CapitalOne. Both of these cards have a magnetic strip only: no chip.   Are these cards sufficient for use in the Czech Republic? Do ATMs and retail locations use magnetic strip readers, or are chip cards required? 
50466	Travel to other Schengen countries from Germany	I'm from India, and i'm in Germany for work. I have my Visa valid for one year and I would like to understand if I can travel to some countries in Schengen region and Switzerland.  The reason to ask this question is   The Visa mentions "Valid from" as Deutschland "Type of Visa as" "D"  
50486	Can I go to Venezuela from USA, using a Brazilian passport?	I was born here in America, but I also have my citizenship from Brazil. I have both passports, dual-nationality. I know for a fact that Brazilians do not need a visa to enter Venezuela. I also do not have a visa to USA, Brazil, or Venezuela. I simply use my passport to USA and Brazil.  I'm saying all this to be as accurate as I can!  What I want to really know is, can I leave America, use my Brazilian passport to enter Venezuela?   If so, how would I come back home to America? I have my thoughts on how but I'm unsure, please correct me if I'm wrong.   Will Venezuela allow me to come back if I show them both my passport? ...and no visa. Do I just show my Brazilian passport? If so, won't they ask me for a visa to USA? Will I have to make a trip to Brazil then USA?   This got so complicated..  If anyone knows of someone or an office, anything that I can call (in the USA) please give me that number! Thank you so much! 
50511	Transit visa to UK required if I already have valid business visa for UK	I will be travelling to UK on business visa in August for a week. But in september I have plans to transit through UK to Jamaica. I have booked a flight which will be landing in London heathrow airport and then get on another plane from Gatwick airport within 24 hours.  Question - Do I need to apply for transit visa as well or I can transit on my Business visa? 
50511	Transit visa to UK required if I already have valid business visa for UK	I will be travelling to UK on business visa in August for a week. But in september I have plans to transit through UK to Jamaica. I have booked a flight which will be landing in London heathrow airport and then get on another plane from Gatwick airport within 24 hours.  Question - Do I need to apply for transit visa as well or I can transit on my Business visa? 
50530	Schengen 6-month visa. Can I use it again for a different purpose?	I have a multi-entry visa valid until November 14, 2015. I am a private nurse and used it in the middle of last May in Germany for the health of my patient.  We stayed there for one month and went back to our home country.    I want to use it again in August in Portugal as a tourist and to visit my sister there. I will not go there with my employer but there's a remark on my visa that I should be accompanied by my employer.   Can I still use my current visa or do I need to apply again for a new visa? 
50542	Didn't purchase an Expressway / vignette before driving on highways in Czech Republic. What can I expect?	Unfortunately I didn't know that Czech Republic doesn't have tollbooths- drivers are required to purchase a sticker before getting on any highway - until I arrived in Prague.  What happens next? I imagine they're going to ticket my rental company (Avis) - but what are the fines, and is there any way I can pay online immediately to reduce the fine (like I do in California)? 
50543	Travel to England from Argentina: how much money for a 17 day visit?	How much money would I need to bring with me if I want to enter the United Kingdom from Argentina, is there a minimum for 17 days or will they ask me to show my finances ?   
50543	Travel to England from Argentina: how much money for a 17 day visit?	How much money would I need to bring with me if I want to enter the United Kingdom from Argentina, is there a minimum for 17 days or will they ask me to show my finances ?   
50543	Travel to England from Argentina: how much money for a 17 day visit?	How much money would I need to bring with me if I want to enter the United Kingdom from Argentina, is there a minimum for 17 days or will they ask me to show my finances ?   
50539	Bank statement required for Bulgarian visa	hey I will apply for a Bulgarian visa on July 8th, but my bank statement is from November 17th to May 17th, is that maybe a problem for them ? Could that cause a refusal or will they just ask for a more recent statement ? I don't want to include it after that date because my balance wasn't good enough after May 17th, please any one have any info for bank statement how it should look like ? What will the consequences be if it's earlier ? 
50543	Travel to England from Argentina: how much money for a 17 day visit?	How much money would I need to bring with me if I want to enter the United Kingdom from Argentina, is there a minimum for 17 days or will they ask me to show my finances ?   
10388	What is the process of extending a single entry Indonesian visa while in country?	A friend of mine is in Indonesia and attempted to get an extension to his single entry visa a day before it was due to expire, instead of an extension he was given a receipt to replace his passport(Australian).  Exact text of his FB post:     Ok, strangest thing I've had to do in Indonesia is hand my passport to   some guy to get an extension on my visa because the Immigration   officer told me they couldn't do anything because my visa ends   tomorrow. Now I have a little receipt replacing my passport. Oh gosh   Is this the normal procedure? 
50566	Can i miss the 2nd leg of the journey?	I need to fly from Lexington, KY to Houston, TX. Almost all airline fares are more than $500. But the interesting part is if I choose Dallas, TX as my final destination (layover/change plane in Houston, TX 1hr 15min), it costs less than $300.   So in this context, can I buy Lexington-Dallas flight and get off at Houston and not worry about Houston Dallas flight? What are the consequences? 
4440	Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight?	Say I want to book a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Chicago.  Say the airline also flies to St. Louis from Fort Launderdale but has a connecting flight through Chicago.  If I book that flights from FLL-ORD-STL and just get off in Chicago, what possible problems can I run into, assuming I didn't check any bags and only have carry on?  This scenario exist for Southwest, but I wanted this be more of a general question that would apply to all airlines. 
50593	Can I go to visit Schengen countries with visa type D-mult?	I have a visa type D-Mult valid for Deutschland.    Can I travel to Schengen countries with that visa?  
25923	What tasks would I need to complete to prepare for any international trip, regardless of destination?	When I travel, I find that there are certain things I always have to do before I leave, regardless of where I'm going.  And, when I talk with other travelers, I find that many of these same things apply when they travel as well — regardless of where they are traveling, they have to run through these same "preflight" preparations as well.  The tasks typically fall under the following categories:   Legal (Paperwork/Documentation) Economic (Cash/Cards) Safety (Contacts/Research) Cultural (Language/Etiquette)   Although pre-travel preparations are always a little bit different depending on the destination, travelers and purpose, these are the tasks that you have to do regardless of where/how/why you are going.  What tasks do travelers need to complete before any international trip, regardless of the destination? 
50627	Re applying for UK visa	I really appreciate your quick response on this and to have full review on my refusal decision.. like u said there must be some para missing i checked the letter again, my question too the letter is all the same just i missed the point he noted ""furthermore there are large transfer and cash deposits which are 6 times your claimed salary (amount) on the 23/02/2015 and on the 15/05/2015 a cash deposit for (1,006)pounds" so the small amount of deposit were the available cash we just deposit this to our saving account as we have two accounts how to verify this? what reason should be mentioned to them that we did'not present the supported documents to declare it.  As per your review we have all of the evidences ( Death Certificate, the Cheque receipt Voucher, Copy ob Bank Cheque from the Company, Power of Attorney to my husband by his legal guardian as a trustee of what his father left, and transfer permission from the ministry that he can hold his mother and sister sponsorship as they are currently living with us in KSA) are with us in Arabic form and we translated in English with the stamp of certified translator.. do we need at attest this from chamber of commerce?  "But it would be advisable to request a different ECO for your next application. They will do this without prejudice if you ask them to; plus an ECM will review the decision if it is adverse to you." how to claim for this in our future application if u can it would b very helpful for us.  the booking we submitted was ticket bookings it was mention in the guidance of required documents. for future application all of the personal circumstances are the same except the amount for the cost of trip we mentioned earlier my husband by mistakenly mentioned the whole family trip cost including (Plane ticket, living expenses and the money) he have for this trip instead of his personally. can we change it in each application the cost belongs to personally, It may make a wild change as compare to previous application. does it going to effect on the decision for the future application. We already submitted Invitation letter (original) from the family members in UK. Do we submit this time the copy of invitation letter because they already have the original one. 
50634	Dubai Transit 96 hr Visa on arrival possibility for Indian citizens	I am travelling from Germany to Chennai India by Emirates, My transit time at Dubai airport is more than 8 hrs. I am holding Indian passport and German Residence permit. Is it possible for me to get 96hr transit visa on arrival at Dubai? Thanks in advance. 
50638	Schengen Visa country of first entry	I have a Schengen Visa from Germany ,multi entrance for two years. Can I travel to Hungary,or Romania, direct without entering through the German border ?     
50649	Transit Visa at Dubai	I am an indian citizen. I will go to Bloemfontein, South Africa for postdoctoral research  at the end of August. I have to stop at Dubai International airport for 4.35 hours for my next connecting flight. I will be travelling through Emirates flight. My question is - Do I need any transit visa at dubai airport for 4.35 stopover time? 
50649	Transit Visa at Dubai	I am an indian citizen. I will go to Bloemfontein, South Africa for postdoctoral research  at the end of August. I have to stop at Dubai International airport for 4.35 hours for my next connecting flight. I will be travelling through Emirates flight. My question is - Do I need any transit visa at dubai airport for 4.35 stopover time? 
50643	Will I be covered under the UK Health system?	I am an Australian resident but a British Citizen. I currently hold a British passport and receive a small British pension but do not pay any British taxes.  I have cancer and I am coming to the UK to visit and want to know if I became unwell, if I'd be covered under the British health system.  
50643	Will I be covered under the UK Health system?	I am an Australian resident but a British Citizen. I currently hold a British passport and receive a small British pension but do not pay any British taxes.  I have cancer and I am coming to the UK to visit and want to know if I became unwell, if I'd be covered under the British health system.  
50676	Left UK without passing through Immigration, why?	Last year, I traveled to the UK for a conference. Upon entry, my passport was stamped confirming my entry via immigration.  Upon my exit, surprisingly (and something I'm been wondering about ever since) I went through no immigration. The direction to board flight led me straight to flight check-in, then we boarded the flight.  Below is my entry stamp. Stamped within my Visa stamp, really?   I went to the Netherlands this year, got stamped, in and out. Entering ZA, I got stamped. Even leaving and returning to my home country (Ghana), I got both stamped. I find the stamping a standard procedure/protocol.  Yet, with the UK, I left the country without being stamped. I don't know if that was part of the plan or I missed something or what?:   Does the UK have a policy of not stamping when people leave the country? Was that a mistake on my part? Obviously, my stay period has expired, and on paper, I'm "not supposed" to be in the country, but without the UK exit stamp, might that affect my visit or travel visa application to UK one day in the future? Because if stamping is mandatory, and I don't have one, then I will be hot if asked, "How did you leave the country without the stamp?" In this case, those who could have determined if I overstayed or not, was the Airline   More info   My visa was for a stay up to 29/30 days or so. But I stayed only for 7 days Flight used throughout was Emirates and passed through Dubai on transit Origin was South Africa. Destination Airport was Heathrow   For comparison, below is my Netherlands stamps, both in an out.   My Readings/Researches  I came across this result, and one of the answers pointed out, its "No real reason now for UK exit stamp." Really? I see a strong reason to, otherwise, stamping me in is of no real reason then.  One commentator also added: "A loophole which no doubt has been exploited by some foreigners." No idea how someone will exploit that!  And considering this instance, it can lead to some questionings. 
50676	Left UK without passing through Immigration, why?	Last year, I traveled to the UK for a conference. Upon entry, my passport was stamped confirming my entry via immigration.  Upon my exit, surprisingly (and something I'm been wondering about ever since) I went through no immigration. The direction to board flight led me straight to flight check-in, then we boarded the flight.  Below is my entry stamp. Stamped within my Visa stamp, really?   I went to the Netherlands this year, got stamped, in and out. Entering ZA, I got stamped. Even leaving and returning to my home country (Ghana), I got both stamped. I find the stamping a standard procedure/protocol.  Yet, with the UK, I left the country without being stamped. I don't know if that was part of the plan or I missed something or what?:   Does the UK have a policy of not stamping when people leave the country? Was that a mistake on my part? Obviously, my stay period has expired, and on paper, I'm "not supposed" to be in the country, but without the UK exit stamp, might that affect my visit or travel visa application to UK one day in the future? Because if stamping is mandatory, and I don't have one, then I will be hot if asked, "How did you leave the country without the stamp?" In this case, those who could have determined if I overstayed or not, was the Airline   More info   My visa was for a stay up to 29/30 days or so. But I stayed only for 7 days Flight used throughout was Emirates and passed through Dubai on transit Origin was South Africa. Destination Airport was Heathrow   For comparison, below is my Netherlands stamps, both in an out.   My Readings/Researches  I came across this result, and one of the answers pointed out, its "No real reason now for UK exit stamp." Really? I see a strong reason to, otherwise, stamping me in is of no real reason then.  One commentator also added: "A loophole which no doubt has been exploited by some foreigners." No idea how someone will exploit that!  And considering this instance, it can lead to some questionings. 
50659	Visa passport update	I am from India and I applied for a skilled professional visa for Australia  with my old passport but it didn't have a spouse name on it. So I applied to add it and had issues with a new passport. I informed DIBP regarding this, but I got the visa on my old passport only. Now I have informed DIBP to update the passport details on their end... but haven't received any reply till now.   Just need to confirm if I can travel by taking along both old and new passports... in case I don't get any confirmation from DIBP regarding the update of my passport details. 
50676	Left UK without passing through Immigration, why?	Last year, I traveled to the UK for a conference. Upon entry, my passport was stamped confirming my entry via immigration.  Upon my exit, surprisingly (and something I'm been wondering about ever since) I went through no immigration. The direction to board flight led me straight to flight check-in, then we boarded the flight.  Below is my entry stamp. Stamped within my Visa stamp, really?   I went to the Netherlands this year, got stamped, in and out. Entering ZA, I got stamped. Even leaving and returning to my home country (Ghana), I got both stamped. I find the stamping a standard procedure/protocol.  Yet, with the UK, I left the country without being stamped. I don't know if that was part of the plan or I missed something or what?:   Does the UK have a policy of not stamping when people leave the country? Was that a mistake on my part? Obviously, my stay period has expired, and on paper, I'm "not supposed" to be in the country, but without the UK exit stamp, might that affect my visit or travel visa application to UK one day in the future? Because if stamping is mandatory, and I don't have one, then I will be hot if asked, "How did you leave the country without the stamp?" In this case, those who could have determined if I overstayed or not, was the Airline   More info   My visa was for a stay up to 29/30 days or so. But I stayed only for 7 days Flight used throughout was Emirates and passed through Dubai on transit Origin was South Africa. Destination Airport was Heathrow   For comparison, below is my Netherlands stamps, both in an out.   My Readings/Researches  I came across this result, and one of the answers pointed out, its "No real reason now for UK exit stamp." Really? I see a strong reason to, otherwise, stamping me in is of no real reason then.  One commentator also added: "A loophole which no doubt has been exploited by some foreigners." No idea how someone will exploit that!  And considering this instance, it can lead to some questionings. 
49898	Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence?	I have a European car licence. But I don't have any motorcycle licence.  Am I allowed to ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia? 
49136	Singkil to Balai, how to?	I heard there was a public boat but also some speed boat going from Singkil (Aceh province, Indonesia) to Balai (Banyak islands, Indonesia).  Is this correct? is there other options of transportation? if yes, can you provide more details (time, price, comfort, safety, way of booking)?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banyak_Islands   
50678	Can I apply for a US visitor visa while I am a visitor in Canada	I am a Canadian citizen, I have a grandson (14 years old) a visitor to Canada under my care. I will be spending my Christmas in the US. Can my grandson accompany me to the US as he won't have any company in Canada? What is the process? 
50685	London Tube Strike: What to do?	Unless something miraculous happens, the entire London tube will be shut down by the unions on 8 July 2015.  The BBC is reporting that the strike will begin Wednesday afternoon and continue all day on Thursday.  Against this backdrop, tourists who have come for Wimbledon may be stranded, perhaps even the competitors.  Worse, a sympathy strike by FGW will hinder tourists planning to attend the Ashes Test in Wales.  The UK is in peak tourist season and thousands of tourists will be arriving in Heathrow.  The union may operate parts of the Piccadilly Line to prevent a horrendous safety incident at Heathrow, but there is no guarantee of this.  What other transport systems will be working, especially those which honour Oyster Cards and other forms of prepaid tickets that tourists may have purchased?    Related question, but only partially answered: How to get to London Heathrow from Shepherd&#39;s Bush in light of possible Tube strike?  See also: Tube delay on a cross-London rail transfer, who to claim compensation from? 
50685	London Tube Strike: What to do?	Unless something miraculous happens, the entire London tube will be shut down by the unions on 8 July 2015.  The BBC is reporting that the strike will begin Wednesday afternoon and continue all day on Thursday.  Against this backdrop, tourists who have come for Wimbledon may be stranded, perhaps even the competitors.  Worse, a sympathy strike by FGW will hinder tourists planning to attend the Ashes Test in Wales.  The UK is in peak tourist season and thousands of tourists will be arriving in Heathrow.  The union may operate parts of the Piccadilly Line to prevent a horrendous safety incident at Heathrow, but there is no guarantee of this.  What other transport systems will be working, especially those which honour Oyster Cards and other forms of prepaid tickets that tourists may have purchased?    Related question, but only partially answered: How to get to London Heathrow from Shepherd&#39;s Bush in light of possible Tube strike?  See also: Tube delay on a cross-London rail transfer, who to claim compensation from? 
50033	Any fast internet (good wifi) in Ubud (Bali)?	I am looking for a good wifi connection in Ubud (Bali, Indonesia).  I need to upload a fair amount of videos and pictures (6+ GB), and give a couple of Skype/Hangout phone calls.  I used Wifi.id (in Java mostly) in the past but here I went to 2 advertised locations on their website, one I could not find at all, the next one (in a restaurant) was down for some reason.  If anybody knows a place with a decent wifi, that'd be great. Thanks. 
50710	what options do i have to get from Thessaloniki, Greece to Sofia, Bulgaria	looking for ways (except renting a car) to travel from Thessaloniki, Greece to Sofia, Bulgaria 
50712	Long time transit in Schiphol - will I collect my bag!	I have aprox 20 hours transit in Amsterdam schiphol. My plan is to visit centraal amsterdam and book one night room in a hotel. I have two main question;  1) Will I be able to collect my boarding for the second flight from the first airport? or should I check in again in amsterdam airport 2-3 hours before the second flight?  2) What about my luggage, can I collect it in Amsterdam or it will go directly to the final destination?  Note: I bought the ticket as one trip, not 2 separate trips. the whole flight is with KLM 
861	Denmark and Schengen - border controls	As I know, Denmark is going to re-impose the border controls. I want to know, what exactly it means for the tourists who are on a Schengen visa? Can I visit Denmark with the Schengen visa, or I need some additional documents?  I'm a Russian citizen. 
50724	Can I use 2 passports?	I am going to the UK for 2 weeks, courtesy of SAASTA. I have both a South African and a German (EU) passport. Would it be an issue for me to use my South African passport to leave OR Tambo, and then use my German passport to get into Heathrow (thus saving me the cost of a Visa)?  This is specifically for a South AFrican passport, mind you, as the country has some strange laws about these things. 
50750	Do I need a visa to go to Canada from America if I am Vietnamese have tourist visa of USA?	I want to go to Toronto to visit my brother only for 5 days and will come back to the USA. I also want to see the water fall through the border between Canada and USA. I am now staying in Milwaukee, Chicago and I'm Vietnamese, I have a one year, multi-tourist USA visa. Do I need a Canadian visa? 
50754	Import tax for used TV in Indian airports	Hi I am planning to take my used LED TV 40" from Riyadh to India so do I need to pay taxes at Indian airport for the old TV also? It's almost 10 months old, and I have the bill for it.  
50763	Which visa consulate I have to apply to get a Schengen Visa	This is a very informative guide to get help about Schengen visa enquiries :)   Me and my husband, we are planning for the below itinerary, for a Europe trip covering 5 countries. Please let me know while applying for Schengen visa, which consulate I have to apply from?  Here my longest stay would be in Hungary, but it's not my entry port. So here I am confused !! Please help.  Please Note: I have already booked my hotels and my air tickets.  Warsaw,Poland 1 day      Gdansk,Poland 2 days Krakow,Poland 3 Days Prague, Czeck Republic 4 Days Vienna,Austria 4 Days Bratislava,Slovakia 1 Day Budapest,Hungary 7 Days  
50764	Schengen Visa Refusal from the Spanish Consulate	I applied for a Schengen visa via the Spanish embassy. The visa was refused for two reasons:      (1) Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided.   (2) information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and condition of the intended stay was not reliable.   My question is if I am to appeal, what documentation do I need to provide, and also, do I need to translate my write-up for the consulate to Spanish?  
50249	Is there a London two day travel ticket?	I am going to be in arriving in London from abroad Tuesday morning and need to get to Camden from Victoria Station, I will then be leaving London Wednesday evening and so will need to travel from Camden Town back to Victoria Station again. So I will need a ticket to be able to travel on the underground or by bus for two days. My question is what is the most efficient way to pay for two day travel. Is it possible to get a two day travel pass? I assume paying for two separate one day passes is very expensive. 
50758	Is there a website that lists last minute opportunities?	Are there any websites that list last minute travel opportunities? either just flights or flights with packs.  I have total freedom and I am situated in Europe.  A couple of airlines companies I knew used to do this.   They would sell their empty seats, cheaper, last minute. I don't think this happens any more. Does it?  Unfortunatly googling is not too effective since "last minute" is a very common word to sell. Maybe some expert information will be more effective. 
50764	Schengen Visa Refusal from the Spanish Consulate	I applied for a Schengen visa via the Spanish embassy. The visa was refused for two reasons:      (1) Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided.   (2) information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and condition of the intended stay was not reliable.   My question is if I am to appeal, what documentation do I need to provide, and also, do I need to translate my write-up for the consulate to Spanish?  
50805	Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?	I'm going to Tokyo from London as a Norwegian citizen, it's a direct flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo. Do I need to apply for a transit visa to fly over Russia and reach Japan? Can an aeroplane company handle the visa procedure for me or do I have to apply for it myself through the embassy in London? 
50805	Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?	I'm going to Tokyo from London as a Norwegian citizen, it's a direct flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo. Do I need to apply for a transit visa to fly over Russia and reach Japan? Can an aeroplane company handle the visa procedure for me or do I have to apply for it myself through the embassy in London? 
50846	If I have Greek Visa, can I use it to visit other Schengen countries after my arrival in Greece	I am planning to travel to Greece so I want to know if I can visit other Schengen countries with the visa and also by train from Greece after my arrival in Greece 
50846	If I have Greek Visa, can I use it to visit other Schengen countries after my arrival in Greece	I am planning to travel to Greece so I want to know if I can visit other Schengen countries with the visa and also by train from Greece after my arrival in Greece 
50856	Passport and visa requirement	I am a citizen of St.Vincent and Antigua, I have a USA visa in my St.Vincent passport but I will be holidaying in the USA but I want to go over to Canada, can I use my Antigua passport to go to Canada because Antiguans don't need a visa for Canada. So my question is can I go into the usa on my St.Vincent passport then leave the usa on my Antigua passport for Canada? 
50868	Minimum time to transfer between Incheon and Gimpo airports	I purchased (well, thought I purchased) a ticket from Seattle to Tokyo with a 3 hour layover in Incheon airport in Seoul, South Korea. Two weeks later I was contacted by the online travel agency about a problem with my reservation. The ICN-HND flight had been canceled by the airline (I am actually dubious that it ever existed / that I ever had tickets on it). They replaced it in my itinerary with a Gimpo to Haneda flight, however, the new flight leaves only 1 hour 50 minutes after the first is scheduled to land. Transferring via a separate airport will require not only the transit time between airports, but going through immigration and customs at ICN, and checkin and security at GMP. Is 2 hours enough time for that process?  Transfer from Incheon airport to Gimpo and vice versa covers the mechanics of transferring between the airports but not the minimum time to do so. 
50805	Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?	I'm going to Tokyo from London as a Norwegian citizen, it's a direct flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo. Do I need to apply for a transit visa to fly over Russia and reach Japan? Can an aeroplane company handle the visa procedure for me or do I have to apply for it myself through the embassy in London? 
50805	Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?	I'm going to Tokyo from London as a Norwegian citizen, it's a direct flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo. Do I need to apply for a transit visa to fly over Russia and reach Japan? Can an aeroplane company handle the visa procedure for me or do I have to apply for it myself through the embassy in London? 
50882	Can I fly with a gold bar?	Can I fly with a Good Delivery gold bar? I'll have the certificate that I have been given with it.  I have looked on Google and found nothing that suggests it's a prohibited item on an aircraft. It's below the weight I am allowed to carry in person. I'll be taking it to Moscow, flying from Heathrow with BA.   
50885	Request different entry clearance officer	Is it possible for me to request for a different entry clearance officer to review my UK visa application after a prior visa refusal and would that in any way have an adverse effect on the outcome of my application . 
50805	Do I need a transit visa for a Russian overflight?	I'm going to Tokyo from London as a Norwegian citizen, it's a direct flight from Copenhagen to Tokyo. Do I need to apply for a transit visa to fly over Russia and reach Japan? Can an aeroplane company handle the visa procedure for me or do I have to apply for it myself through the embassy in London? 
50891	what do i use as zipcode in usa when ireland doesnt have zipcodes?	My friend is visiting from Ireland and wants to know what she would use as a zipcode at the gas pump in USA when in Ireland they don't have a zip code ??? 
50894	Best way to physically move monetary value around	Inspired by: Can I fly with a Gold bar?, is the best way to physically move a lot of monetary value around a gold bar? Here, best is defined as being a combination of convenience + ease of access to the value represented by the item.  If not, what is the best way, and why? 
50895	What immigration and customs checks are performed for passengers leaving the U.S.?	In the other countries I have visited, when I leave the country, I have to go through immigration to formally leave the country. However, every time I've left the U.S., the departing process has been no different from any domestic flight, aside from needing to show my passport to the ticket and/or gate agent (i.e. no customs or immigration lines, etc.)  However, I've heard of others having dealings with ICE (the U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement service) when departing the country. As an example, this answer on a recent question says in reference to leaving a country with a gold bar:     In the US, you would have to declare it. Last year, I got into a nasty run-in with ICE who were convinced I was exporting currency.   Specifically what I'm wondering is when and where would you make customs declarations when departing the U.S. by a scheduled passenger flight and how would ICE even know you had something declarable with you if you didn't tell them, since there's no customs baggage search or scanning that I'm aware of? Certainly there's no process like the immigration and customs process you go through to enter the country. Do whatever processes do exist differ between citizens and non-citizens? 
50882	Can I fly with a gold bar?	Can I fly with a Good Delivery gold bar? I'll have the certificate that I have been given with it.  I have looked on Google and found nothing that suggests it's a prohibited item on an aircraft. It's below the weight I am allowed to carry in person. I'll be taking it to Moscow, flying from Heathrow with BA.   
50882	Can I fly with a gold bar?	Can I fly with a Good Delivery gold bar? I'll have the certificate that I have been given with it.  I have looked on Google and found nothing that suggests it's a prohibited item on an aircraft. It's below the weight I am allowed to carry in person. I'll be taking it to Moscow, flying from Heathrow with BA.   
50925	Travelling with medicines	A friend of mine said that if I take a flight, I will need a statement written by a doctor that my migraine medicines (Pronaxen) are legal. Is that true? I have had flight around the Europe, like Helsinki, Riga, Copenhagen, Lisbon, Barcelona, but this question popped to my mind only now. How can a doctor make sure that I won't remove the medicine and put something illegal to the pot after he or she has been written the statement? 
50944	Boarding denied as the final itinerary did not include the Schengen visa issuing country	 We got our Schengen visa from the Italian embassy. The bookings that were used in the submission for the visa had had to be cancelled as they were provisional and since the visa took time (received just 2 days before our travel date) they were all expired. We therefore had a short time left and made an entirely different itinerary, going to Austria, Hungary and the Czech republic. At the airport we were denied boarding the flight to Austria by Austrian airline staff. They asked for our itinerary and we told them the truth: since the visa was delayed we had changed the program at the last moment, indicating that we would still be going to visit Italy once we entered via Austria. They asked us to wait until they could confirm with an Austrian border police representative. The airline staff sent a copy of our visa to them seeking their approval before we would be allowed to board the flight. We were then told that the representative had denied our boarding and we had to abandon our entire schedule. Since we already have a visa, can we rearrange the entire booking to Italy (max days) and then smaller trips to Austria, Hungary, Czech, etc.  Should I be checking with the Italian embassy if at all there is an objection on the existing Schengen visa, considering the fact that the matter has already been reported to the Austrian border police representative.  I am traveling with my family and want to avoid any further issues now. I am willing to change our itinerary matching with the visa requirement of Italy with max days and first entry into Venice. However my exit would still be from an Austrian port. Will there be any issue?  
50955	French Schengen visa	Me and my Moroccan friend are currently planning a holiday to Portugal (I'm a british citizen). We're slightly concerned though, that because her Schengen visa has been issued via the French embassay and is a 'French shengen' visa, that she has to go to France first and then travel to Portugal.  Can anyone confirm whether she would need to go to France first(and then figure out a way to Portugal), or if she can just go straight from Morocco to Portugal. 
50955	French Schengen visa	Me and my Moroccan friend are currently planning a holiday to Portugal (I'm a british citizen). We're slightly concerned though, that because her Schengen visa has been issued via the French embassay and is a 'French shengen' visa, that she has to go to France first and then travel to Portugal.  Can anyone confirm whether she would need to go to France first(and then figure out a way to Portugal), or if she can just go straight from Morocco to Portugal. 
50962	problems faced at multiple visa entry at US immigration	I received a multiple entry B1/B2 visa while I was employed.  I am no longer employed. What sort of documents should be shown to immigration officers on visiting the US now? Earlier schedules, etc were shown which are not available now as I am not employed. 
50997	Do I require a transit visa for Zurich?	I am travelling from Islamabad, Pakistan to Philadelphia, USA via Zurich, Switzerland. My stay in Zurich is of 3hr45m. I have a valid US Visa and Pakistani passport, and a Pakistani nationality. Would I require a transit visa? 
50991	Transit Clarification	I am going to purchase airline tickets from "one travel" online airline ticketing. I am traveling from Doha to Yangon with the transits of Dubai and Kuala Lumpur. Actually, it is two transits trip from Doha to Dubai by Qatar Airways, and from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur and from Kuala Lumpur to Yangon by Malaysia Airlines. The same way for the return. So, basically, 2 airlines will be taken in my trip.  My questions are these, since I am purchasing online tickets,    Will I be given single ticket for each flight that I am going take? Do I need to pass immigration to draw my baggage and to check in again to change to Malaysia Airlines in Dubai? Do I require a visa for Dubai airport since I need to pass immigration just to collect my baggage to re-check? Do I have to do the same thing in Kuala Lumpur airport to collect baggage and check-in again to take the next flight to Myanmar? Will I require a visa for Kuala Lumpur again?   I am Myanmar nationality. 
50991	Transit Clarification	I am going to purchase airline tickets from "one travel" online airline ticketing. I am traveling from Doha to Yangon with the transits of Dubai and Kuala Lumpur. Actually, it is two transits trip from Doha to Dubai by Qatar Airways, and from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur and from Kuala Lumpur to Yangon by Malaysia Airlines. The same way for the return. So, basically, 2 airlines will be taken in my trip.  My questions are these, since I am purchasing online tickets,    Will I be given single ticket for each flight that I am going take? Do I need to pass immigration to draw my baggage and to check in again to change to Malaysia Airlines in Dubai? Do I require a visa for Dubai airport since I need to pass immigration just to collect my baggage to re-check? Do I have to do the same thing in Kuala Lumpur airport to collect baggage and check-in again to take the next flight to Myanmar? Will I require a visa for Kuala Lumpur again?   I am Myanmar nationality. 
51001	Will i get new visa if i need to stay 1-2 days more days after existing visa expires?	I have a type C multiple entry visa, valid for a year until 06/08 but I was thinking to start my trip before it expires and end around 07/08 or 08/08. I then want to go to Schengen zone again, so my question is whether I can apply now  and have a new Schengen visa perhaps for another year starting from 07/08 (right after my current one expires).  Or are they likely to just extend it for a day? Before I had 3, 6 and now 12 month visa. The point for me is to get it for another year, otherwise it is not worth it. I read about needing to cancel existing visa before you can get new one. I'm going to get it from the same embassy as before so I believe they can cancel it as its their own visa and then give me new visa for this trip and beyond?  Does anyone know anything about that? 
51006	How can we demonstrate a Swiss Visitor will go home? (appealing Visa refusal)	I know there have been many questions asked about rejected visas. However, every single case is a bit different, and I now need your help to sort something out with the visa.  I'm a Swiss citizen. My fiancé is Egyptian. He wanted to come here in August for a visit for the first time, however he got his Visitor Visa refused. We are now considering doing an appeal, however we're in a very bad position, because my fiancé's final goal would be immigrating to Switzerland in the future. But not this time. This time it was really only about visiting and seeing the country. A few facts:   the reasons the visa was refused were:     The information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not reliable.      Your intention to leave the territory of the member state before the expiry of visa could not be ascertained.  the purpose of the travel was stated on the invitation letter that my mother signed, and were: visiting my family and visiting Switzerland on the invitation letter we also stated the following:   Details of my mom and of my fiancé Period of the trip: from the end of July to the end of August 2015 relationship: family friend since 4 years (we left out the fact that he's my fiancé thinking that it would lead to a direct refusal) guarantee of his return: a short paragraph stating that after the visit he would return to Egypt costs of the trip: we stated that we would offer accommodation in our house and food during the stay, saying that my mom is self funded and has enough money for that (we also brought the bank statement, but it wasn't taken at the time of delivery) Passport copy attached  my fiancé delivered all the papers requested (application form, passport, certificate from Mogamma, identity photo, invitation letter, employment certificate, confirmation of leave approval, bank statement, insurance, round trip flight ticket)   After delivering all the papers, we don't really understand what went wrong.  Anyhow, what happened, happened, and now we want to make an appeal. We read some info online, and found that basically what we need is to show that he has strong ties to his country. Which he doesn't. He has a job, yeah, but he's looking for a new one (in Egypt or in Europe), as the contract is ending. He's not responsible for anyone (such as children) in Egypt. He would like to immigrate in the near future.  So at this point, other than the letter from my mom saying that we guarantee that he would return to the country, we really don't have much.  What could we deliver with the appeal to make them understand that it's really just a visit? Because it is, we're not planning to break the rules and make him stay with an expired visa. We just want him to come, spend some quality time with us in this beautiful country, and then let him go back to Egypt till the next time. 
19939	Will I need a transit visa for transit in Stockholm in a trip from Turkey to Russia?	I have a flight from Istanbul (Turkey) to Saint Petersburg in Russia. I have two nationalities   I booked my ticket on my Syrian passport because I entered Turkey with it, and I will carry my Russian passport with me to enter Russia.  My flight is from Istanbul to Stockholm then after 3 hours I will change the plan to heading to Saint Petersburg.   Shall I need a transit visa for three hours in Stockholm? 
51016	Validity of Old visa on a new passport for dubai	I have been issued an employment visa by my employer in dubai, my existing passport has an Ecr stamp and as per the new policy there wud be no ammendment or endorsement on the passport. I have been asked to make a new passport.  What I would like to know is that will I have any issues with the dubai immigration, and is my old visa valid on my new passport...   The validity of my old passport is till 2022...  Please advise...  
19939	Will I need a transit visa for transit in Stockholm in a trip from Turkey to Russia?	I have a flight from Istanbul (Turkey) to Saint Petersburg in Russia. I have two nationalities   I booked my ticket on my Syrian passport because I entered Turkey with it, and I will carry my Russian passport with me to enter Russia.  My flight is from Istanbul to Stockholm then after 3 hours I will change the plan to heading to Saint Petersburg.   Shall I need a transit visa for three hours in Stockholm? 
51026	Can I enter Poland with Italy Schengen visa without entering Italy?	Can I enter Poland with Italy Schengen visa without entering through Italy, my visa is multiable. My friend here told to first enter Italy then go to Romania. Is my friend right? 
51035	UK Visit Visa refused	I was trying visit UK with my wife for holiday for 3 weeks. Cost of the holiday was roughly £2500.   But our visa was refused with the reason that I do not have enough funds. But I had enough funds (Approx. £8,000) and due to financial requirement of providing a Bank guarantee with buying a new car I had to transfer some my money from one account to another (Both are under my name).   I provided them both bank pass books with my initial application, but Visa officer had just considered the final deposit as a large sum deposited on one account and other did not have enough funds, and he suspected that these funds are not genuinely mine.   I am planning to reapply with a cover letter explaining every transaction within my accounts. Also I intend to prove all the source of deposits within period of 3 months as well. Do I have to prove the deposits to my account before stipulated 3 months as well?  Do I have a chance of getting refused again?  Thanks!  I am a Sri Lankan, and please find a extract from the refusal notice.     "I noted that the first Bank had minimal funds. One bank account   contained two recent credits from your employer, including an annual   bonus. Your spouse's bank account showed a recent salary credit. The   other bank account however showed substantial deposits over the last 4   months. These did not correspond with your given incomes, and the   provenace of theses funds was not evidenced. I am not satisfied that   these finds are genuinely yours and are available to you. While you   provided evidence of available finds as described above, the bulk of   these were to be used on the visit. Your supporting letter did not   adequatley explain all of your funding or your funding or you did not   submit evidence of it, and the outlay of 2,300 on a short holiday,   given the available funds, was disproportionate in your circumstances.   I do not have an accurate picture of your circumstances in Sri Lanka   therefore, and this leads me to doubt the credibility of your   application as a visitor.       In order to access your intentions in UK I must consider your personal   circumstances and I note that you have not submitted satisfactory   evidence of your personal and ficnacial ciscumstances. Without such   evidence I am not intend to leave the UK at the end of your visit as   stated by you; and do not intend to live for extended periods in the   United Kingdom through frequent or successive visits or that you are   genuinly seeking entry as a visitor for a period exceeding 6 months.   Therefore, your application is refused under Appendix V 4.2 (a-e) of   the Immigration rules."   UPDATE AS OF 08/14/15  I reapplied with a five page cover letter explaining all the allegations in the previous refusal letter with proof from banks (Letters confirming the Bank guarantee, etc). Both me and my wife are full time employed graduate professional Engineers. We have supplied evidence for last six months salary slips and letters confirming the leave for the holiday. But, Visa was refused once again.   But I am quite baffled and surprised with the refusal letter. Below is a extract  from my wifes refusal letter.     “I have refused your application for a visit visa because I am not satisfied that you meet the requirements of paragraph(s) V4.2 of Appendix V: Immigration Rules for Visitors because: You have submitted an application at the same time as your spouse (CHENNAI /XXXXXX).       You have stated that you are supported by your spouse/partner/other that you have no income of your own and you appear to be financially dependent on your spouse. You have submitted one set of documents in support of yours and your spouse's applications and he has consented to UK Visas &amp; immigration using information about him in considering your application. His application has been refused for the following reasons:”   What my surprise is that I have clearly stated the my wife is Full time employed and with the salary slips and letter from her employer to confirm the same. Therefore, this is a very serious false allegation.  My refusal letter is as below;     “I need to take into account all the evidence available to me to make an informed decision about your application. Part of that evidence is the information you provided in your previous application for a visit visa on 29/06/15. This application was subsequently refused on 09/07/2015, because the evidence did not support your circumstances and plans. You have not sent any new evidence with your new application to overcome our doubts about your circumstances and plans. I have also noticed the following differences between the evidence of your circumstances now and the evidence you sent us with your last application, which you have not explained to my satisfaction.      You have now submitted up to date letters from your banks and you and your spouse's employers. I note that in your previous application you stated that you had £2,300 (LKR. 465,198) between you for your holiday in the UK. ln your current applications you have stated that you will have £2,500 (LKR. 505,650) available and that your spouse will have £1,500 (LKR. 303,390) available for your holiday. Therefore, a combined total of £5,000 (LKR. 809,039). You have increased the amount you propose to spend on your holiday, despite the fact that you have submitted evidence that you have recently purchased a new car. Incidentally, you have not submitted any evidence of how you financed the purchase of a new car. The apparent ambiguity around the amount of money you will have available for your holiday further damages the credibility of your application.      On balance; this leads me to doubt that the information in your new application is accurate. I am not satisfied that you plan to leave the UK at the end of your visit or that you are genuinely seeking entry as a general visitor for period not exceeding 6 months.      I am therefore not satisfied you will leave the UK at the end of your visit (V 4.2 (a)).   I am therefore not satisfied you will have sufficient funds to cover all reasonable costs in relation to   Your visit without working or accessing public funds (V 4.2 (e)).”   Visa Officer stated that I haven't provide any new evidence, whereas I provided new evidence to prove the transactions within the banks to answer the allegations in the previous refusal letter and to prove why I did those transactions, I provided evidence to prove my genuine reason of buying the car. I didn't provide how I financed the car, because I thought that they would  logically think that I would not buy myself a car with someone else money, and money for the same was in my accounts for some time and I didn't thought of explaining since it was not questioned in the earlier refusal letter as well.  Furthermore, he states that I have increased the amount I have planned to spend in UK (Actually I have reduced), whereas he has compared the "Actual Cost" of the previous application and the "Amount of funds we have for this trip" in the new application.   In simple terms;   Earlier application actual cost: £2,300 Earlier application total amount of funds we have for this trip: £4,000 New application actual cost: £1,900  New application total amount of funds we have for this trip: £4,000   And also looks like, he has trouble in adding numbers as well (£2,500 + £1,500 = £4,000)  This whole thing looks to me as if ECO has not reviewed my application properly and as If he was on a prior decision to refuse my Visa and wrote something comes in to his mind in the refusal letter. Now I am very disappointed with the UK Visa  system, and I don't think that by reapplying I would do myself any good due to all those poor decisions.  Since I cannot appeal or ask for an administrative review, looks like I am out of options.Is it possible for me to complain this via Home Office complaints? 
51036	Traveling in Schengen area before going to the country that my type D visa is for	I will have the Type D (National) Visa for Poland in few weeks. (I will be a student in a university)  All other questions are about to go to the schengen area after they visited the country which they got the national visa for.  I want to spend a time around 1 month in Schengen area before i go to the Poland.  Is this possible? 
51040	do I need an airport transit visa in Lisbon airport	I have came across many different answers to this question so I am looking for advice on the below situation; I am a Ghanaian national with uk settlement and I will be making a 20 hour stop over at Lisbon on my journey from uk to Ghana.Do I require an airport transit visa even if I do not leave the airport? Any help would be greatly appreciated.  
51043	How soon can you re-apply for a UK visitor visa after refusal	I applied for a UK visitor visa for my son in The Gambia, but he was refused. Can you reapply for a UK visitor visa straight after you have been refused? Does the reapplication have any time frame? 
51043	How soon can you re-apply for a UK visitor visa after refusal	I applied for a UK visitor visa for my son in The Gambia, but he was refused. Can you reapply for a UK visitor visa straight after you have been refused? Does the reapplication have any time frame? 
51042	Class C business Schengen VISA, visiting other Schengen countries on the same trip	I have a Schengen single entry class C Business VISA which I obtained from the Swiss embassy based in New York.  It is valid for 25 days and I will be staying in Switzerland for 20 days. I came to Switzerland last week on July 6th.  I wanted to plan a short weekend trip to Paris next week (Flying on 18th morning and return Sunday evening) from Switzerland  I would like to know if I can enter France on my VISA and also can be back to Switzerland?  I read articles about single Vs. multi-entry VISA and I found that single entry means that "Once I leave a Schengen territory I am not allowed to come back again" But in my case I am just moving from one Schengen area (Switzerland) to another (France).  Can I go ahead and take my trip? 
51063	Which language(s) is most useful for backpacking Africa?	I'm looking to backpack Africa in a few years, so I'd like to start learning a language that would the most useful/widely spoken.  There are a few conditions I've conjured up though:   the language should be spoken where English is not commonly spoken (else I would simply default to English, and rendering years of studying pointless) emphasis is given on languages in countries that can be visited. I realize that Africa is not as developed for tourism like SE Asia and South America are, so if certain countries are outright difficult to get to without paying a local guide, knowing locals, or paying exorbitant amounts of money, then it may not be so beneficial learning that language. Another reason why a country may not be able to be visited the presence of a major war -- though fully understand this is not at all predictable, I would be basing it just on current situations. I also state major because in lesser conflicts, certain parts of a country may still be accessible. This was the case when I visited Turkey. emphasis given on a language that is not broken up into many dialects. To clarify, initially I thought learning Arabic would be most useful, but upon further research, it doesn't seem like the best idea because of how many [incommunicable] dialects of Arabic there are (though reading and writing is still useful).    I realize the constraints may be a bit too strong, but any help is appreciated! 
51070	Can I pass through the airport security with a de-activated Bazooka?	My flight is from Washington, D.C. (IAD) to London Heathrow , with British Airways.  Important Details   The Bazooka will be bought legally from a shop in Maryland British Airways' website explains in details the policy regarding decommissioned firearms.  The Bazooka is de-activated. UK Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 Section 38 states:      “de-activated firearm” means an imitation firearm that consists in something which was a firearm but has been so rendered incapable of discharging a shot, bullet or other missile as no longer to be a firearm.    I have no problem in handing the case to the flight crew and getting it back upon arrival but I am not willing to ship it as an extra bag and risk losing it.   Is it possible for the security to stop me from having it on board even that it's allowed on the aircraft?     
51070	Can I pass through the airport security with a de-activated Bazooka?	My flight is from Washington, D.C. (IAD) to London Heathrow , with British Airways.  Important Details   The Bazooka will be bought legally from a shop in Maryland British Airways' website explains in details the policy regarding decommissioned firearms.  The Bazooka is de-activated. UK Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 Section 38 states:      “de-activated firearm” means an imitation firearm that consists in something which was a firearm but has been so rendered incapable of discharging a shot, bullet or other missile as no longer to be a firearm.    I have no problem in handing the case to the flight crew and getting it back upon arrival but I am not willing to ship it as an extra bag and risk losing it.   Is it possible for the security to stop me from having it on board even that it's allowed on the aircraft?     
51083	Re-entering UK on a multi entry tourist visa for 6 months	I have a UK multiple entry tourist visa valid for 6 months. I have traveled once to London for a week. I want to visit Scotland and London again. Can I use the same visa as it will expire in November? Can I take the journey before that ? What do I need to do? Thanks  Chandra Prakash  
51105	Leave US to Schengen on day 180th without any trouble?	The 180th day is September 25 in US after staying 90 days in the Schengen Zone. Could I leave US by plane on 25th (180th day) to arrive Schengen next day, 26th, without any trouble?  (Just need to know if it is okay to get on the plane on 25th (180th day) leaving U.S. for Schengen Area next day, 26th that becomes new 90 days. OK TO LEAVE U.S. on 180th day?)  
51112	Would Netherlands refuse entry for a Schengen visa issued by the French embassy?	I have a valid multiple-entry Schengen visa issued from the French embassy in Bahrain. At the beginning, my flight was to Paris, France, but I want to change my route to be Amsterdam, Netherlands my first destination (first port of entry) then France.   I heard some people saying that Netherlands may refuse your entry as a first destination (first port of entry and it should be to France). If so, can I purchase a ticket from their airport (Amsterdam Schiphol Airport) to France. Or it is allowed for me to enter?  Note: I have all the confirmed booking documents that prove I will be staying longer period in France. And this is why I applied for the visa at the French embassy. 
51112	Would Netherlands refuse entry for a Schengen visa issued by the French embassy?	I have a valid multiple-entry Schengen visa issued from the French embassy in Bahrain. At the beginning, my flight was to Paris, France, but I want to change my route to be Amsterdam, Netherlands my first destination (first port of entry) then France.   I heard some people saying that Netherlands may refuse your entry as a first destination (first port of entry and it should be to France). If so, can I purchase a ticket from their airport (Amsterdam Schiphol Airport) to France. Or it is allowed for me to enter?  Note: I have all the confirmed booking documents that prove I will be staying longer period in France. And this is why I applied for the visa at the French embassy. 
51112	Would Netherlands refuse entry for a Schengen visa issued by the French embassy?	I have a valid multiple-entry Schengen visa issued from the French embassy in Bahrain. At the beginning, my flight was to Paris, France, but I want to change my route to be Amsterdam, Netherlands my first destination (first port of entry) then France.   I heard some people saying that Netherlands may refuse your entry as a first destination (first port of entry and it should be to France). If so, can I purchase a ticket from their airport (Amsterdam Schiphol Airport) to France. Or it is allowed for me to enter?  Note: I have all the confirmed booking documents that prove I will be staying longer period in France. And this is why I applied for the visa at the French embassy. 
51111	Great Himalayan National Park in August: how are the roads?	I plan to travel Great Himalayan National Park (GHNP) in August by road (from Delhi).  But I am not sure if its the right time to visit the hills during rainy season. How are the roads to GHNP? Can a car be taken on the roads to GHNP during August?  Plus, is it safe to trek in August? 
51142	Must I pay 3 CUC per day to have a SIM card in Cuba?	I've reading about SIM card in Cuba. In some websites talk about a tax of 3 CUC per day to have a Cuban SIM card. In other websites don't. What's the current situation? If I want to make local calls (1 or 2 per day) and access to Internet (2-4 hours per week), should I pay 3 CUC/day? If that's true, I assume that it will be cheaper to use a phone booth to call and an ETECSA wifi access point to navigate... 
49793	Visa rules for South African nationals transiting through the US?	I am a South African travelling to Toronto, I have a visa for Canada  but my flight back is from Toronto to Washington DC Dulles international airport onward to OR Tambo in Johannesburg. Do I need another visa ? 
51164	How to track my travels nicely?	They are online services for everything and anything. I can track my health, the distances I'd run, even for my banking account are cloud services avaible.   While I don't need any cloud service per se, I'm wondering if there is any (online possible) software, which allows me to track my travels in a beautiful way.   Showing a map of earth, where I have already been Marking citys I've already visited Maybe adding some notes or pne, two pictures to special locations   And I don't know what more. I only know TripAdvisor, but my personal traveling world is not the focus of this site. And there is an other site, I can mark countries I visited and receive a small picture of the earth with some countries in red.  Edit: This is not a question about planning a trip but to document them in an asthetic way.  Time to create a website by myself? 
51168	Where are the companies sailing from Lombok to Komodo?	I would like to sail from Lombok to Komodo.   I want to follow the advice of a backpacker I met in order to get the best possible deal: go to the harbour to directly negotiate with the companies running those sailing trips (vs with an agent getting a cut).  I figured they should be either in the harbours of Bangsa, Senggigi or Mataram.   But I could only find very little information on this topic hence my call for help. Thanks in advance    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51170	Travel from France to Saint Louis, do I need to pick up my luggage when transiting in the US?	I need to travel from Paris CDG (first flight Air France, 2nd flight Delta, both cies are sky team) to Saint louis missouri via Minneapolis. During the connectiong flight from international to Domestic), Do I need to pick-up my luggage in minneapolis and immediately check-in for domestic flight, or will my luggage will go direclty to Saint-louis. If yes, is it convenient in Minneapolis (I have only 1H25 minutes stop?   
51168	Where are the companies sailing from Lombok to Komodo?	I would like to sail from Lombok to Komodo.   I want to follow the advice of a backpacker I met in order to get the best possible deal: go to the harbour to directly negotiate with the companies running those sailing trips (vs with an agent getting a cut).  I figured they should be either in the harbours of Bangsa, Senggigi or Mataram.   But I could only find very little information on this topic hence my call for help. Thanks in advance    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51170	Travel from France to Saint Louis, do I need to pick up my luggage when transiting in the US?	I need to travel from Paris CDG (first flight Air France, 2nd flight Delta, both cies are sky team) to Saint louis missouri via Minneapolis. During the connectiong flight from international to Domestic), Do I need to pick-up my luggage in minneapolis and immediately check-in for domestic flight, or will my luggage will go direclty to Saint-louis. If yes, is it convenient in Minneapolis (I have only 1H25 minutes stop?   
51185	Schengen visa application refused on the ground of "Not fully justified purpose of visit". What should I do now?	I am from India and I am travelling to Netherlands, Spain, France for 15 days. I have applied from Netherlands for my Schengen visa. I have submitted all my documents: round trip flight tickets, hotel bookings (which I did from booking.com), travel insurance, approved leave letter from my office, bank statement. However, my visa got rejected and the reason given to me was:     "Justification for the purpose of the and conditions of the intendend   stay was not provided. The specific purpose for which visa was applied   for is no longer valid or will cease to be valid before you arrive in   Netherlands. No other purpose was stated at the time of application,   or if it was, insufficient documents were provided. to demonstrate the   purpose of stay. As a result, your application is rejected."   Then we have mentioned that your documents are not reliable.  Please let me know, how should I proceed from here. Should I reapply for the visa? or should I cancel my trip?  
51203	Can you use a camera during take off and landing?	Based on this question I wondered how the rules are about using a camera during take off and landing, and whether they differ for different kinds of cameras. And by whom the rules are made and enforced.  From seeing what happens during the flights I have been on, I would say there are either no rules or the rules are massively ignored. Or just unknown. A quick internet search gave conflicting information, that on top of the change to rules about small electronic items in planes.    These days most cameras are digital ones, some even have wireless connections options, but some people still use chemical ones.  So if there are rules, do they cover all cameras?  I am European and most of my flights are within the EU or between Europe and North America, in case that makes a difference.  I mostly do not take photos at take off and landing, but I would love to do more. This is a photo I took, just in the air, leaving Keflafic in Iceland.   Photo of the Icelandic coast, by Willeke. This photo can be used under Creative Commons (CC) rules. 
51209	How long does priceline take to give an answer for a last minute ticket?	Based on this question  Is there a website that lists last minute opportunities?  I discovered the last minute prices. You need to pay in advance though.  The process is a bit fuzzy and there are obviously no guarantees.  Assuming I "request" a travel for the next week when do I get an answer? 
50764	Schengen Visa Refusal from the Spanish Consulate	I applied for a Schengen visa via the Spanish embassy. The visa was refused for two reasons:      (1) Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided.   (2) information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and condition of the intended stay was not reliable.   My question is if I am to appeal, what documentation do I need to provide, and also, do I need to translate my write-up for the consulate to Spanish?  
51218	Can I go out of LA airport during a layover without a visa?	I'm a Venezuelan citizen and am taking a long flight from Venezuela to Australia. I'm taking two connections and changing airplane two times; my schedule is: Venezuela-Mexico; Mexico-L.A., L.A-Sydney. In L.A. the layover is approximately seven  and a half hours long during the afternoon; I arrive at 2 and depart at 10 approximately. So I was thinking if it's possible to get out of the airport, and do some shopping or even going for dinner... I don't really know if I need a visa for this or which type should it be? Also I don't have any idea if the airport offers some type of luggage lockers or a luggage facility? From L.A. to Sydney I'm traveling by Qantas, in First Class. Is there anyone who knows if Qantas offers some type of luggage keeping service?  Sorry for the length I'll appreciate any info, or help. Thanks. I might sound like a newbie, but i don't even know if it's enough time for going downtown and then going back to airport...  I just don't want to expend 7 hours alone in the airport. 
51220	Do I need a Japan visa?	I am an Indian passport holder. I am planning to travel from Delhi to Vancouver, Canada with Japan Airlines and there is a layover of 11 hours in Narita, Tokyo. So do I need any kind of visa from Japan for staying such long hours ? 
51236	I have British passport transit time from Sydney flight to London 8 hours 5 mins do I need transit visa?	Do I need transit visa for 8 hrs 5 mins transit time at Sydney for flight to London Heathrow? 
51232	Can I get an appointment at a French consulate different than the one assigned to my state?	I got invitation to visit a French school last week and have to be there in September. I am unable to get an appointment at the French consulate in NYC for the next two months. Can I request another French consulate to help and give an appointment as I definitely need it earlier? 
51232	Can I get an appointment at a French consulate different than the one assigned to my state?	I got invitation to visit a French school last week and have to be there in September. I am unable to get an appointment at the French consulate in NYC for the next two months. Can I request another French consulate to help and give an appointment as I definitely need it earlier? 
51164	How to track my travels nicely?	They are online services for everything and anything. I can track my health, the distances I'd run, even for my banking account are cloud services avaible.   While I don't need any cloud service per se, I'm wondering if there is any (online possible) software, which allows me to track my travels in a beautiful way.   Showing a map of earth, where I have already been Marking citys I've already visited Maybe adding some notes or pne, two pictures to special locations   And I don't know what more. I only know TripAdvisor, but my personal traveling world is not the focus of this site. And there is an other site, I can mark countries I visited and receive a small picture of the earth with some countries in red.  Edit: This is not a question about planning a trip but to document them in an asthetic way.  Time to create a website by myself? 
51257	Korean girl camera shyness	I am trying to understand the reason why Korean girls are so camera shy. Whenever they realize a public camera is on them in a situation an American girl would wave or smile or thumbs up, they immediately hide their face like their life depended on it. Is it shame or modesty or what? This is an aspect of Korean culture I don't understand.    The picture shows a typical example. When this girl realized she was on camera she first tried to hide her face with her hands, then thrust her whole body down doubled up, and finally decided the best strategy was to hide her face with the cheerful (as shown). 
51271	Is it unsafe to travel to Greece at this time?	Would it be unsafe to travel to Greece at this time?  
51221	Should I follow what was mentioned in the “duration of stay” or in the "validity of the visa"?	I'm from Tunisia and I got a Schengen visa from the Austrian Embassy for  28 days, the “duration of stay”, and the number of entries is 1. But the validity of the visa is from 02/08/2015 to 13/09/2015.  Do I have to stay only 28 days, for example from 02/08/2015 to 29/08/2015 or can I stay there until 12/09/2015 ?  And if I have got to stay only 28 days, then can I choose the days of stay, that's mean can I stay in Austria for example from 09/08/2015 to 05/09/2015? 
51272	How to stop UK mobile number being disconnected while abroad travelling for 6+ months?	I'm from the UK going on a long trip on which I'll be using local SIM cards for my phone. While I won't be using my UK mobile number during this trip, I want it still to be there when I get back, to avoid the inconvenience of memorising a new number, getting all family friends and contacts to store the new number, etc etc.  I've heard that UK mobile phone providers will permanently, irreversibly cancel a UK mobile number if it is not used for "a few" months, and that their policies all vary widely - e.g. some require an actual connected phone call while others allow missed calls or text messages, with some it's three months, others it's vague and undefined, etc.  No phone shop staff seem to know what these policies are other than that they exist, and nor do call centre staff. If they are published on mobile network provider websites, I can't find them.  What can people do when travelling for long periods like this to stop their numbers being turned off? 
51290	Renting a car in San Diego and driving it down the Baja Penninsula Mexico	I've heard conflicting reports on whether you can rent a car in the US and drive it into Mexico.  We are going on a 2 week trip to the Baja Peninsula and want to fly into San Diego and rent a car to drive down.  Is it possible? If so what things should I be careful/worried about? Will the rental agency set me up with everything I need to legally drive in Mexico?  With that said, any danger or concerns or tips for driving the most direct route from San Diego, through Tijuana, and half way down the Peninsula? 
51298	Will my "online chip & pin" Visa card work at Swedish ticket machines?	I have an rather unusual Visa debit card issued by a German bank. It has an EMV chip and uses "online chip &amp; pin" and "signature" verification methods (preferred in that order):        Fail cardholder verification if this CVM is unsuccessful: Enciphered PIN verified online - If terminal supports the CVM   Fail cardholder verification if this CVM is unsuccessful: Signature (paper) - If terminal supports the CVM   Fail cardholder verification if this CVM is unsuccessful: No CVM Required - Always      In Germany, I can pay with my PIN but in France and the UK I always needed to sign a receipt (causing confusion with all cashiers) – as far as I know terminals in those countries only support offline but not online PIN verification. I once used the card on a UK ticket machine and it sold me a ticket without needing any PIN or signature.  Does anyone know how this works in Sweden? They seem to use offline PIN, too. From what I gathered using the card at staffed counters is fine but I'm unsure about automatic machines.  Has anyone any insight on this? I think US "chip &amp; signature" cards work similarly. 
51302	Rent car in Kuala Lumpur, drop off in Singapore?	We're in SE Asia for another week or so, and would like to rent a car in Kuala Lumpur for a few days to tour around, then drop it off in Singapore to catch our flight back to the US. A couple of searches on here, KAYAK, and some local places didn't turn up anything.   Has anyone done this?  If so, can you provide details please? 
51286	Non-seafood food options in Tokyo?	I don't eat a lot of seafood but will eat pretty much anything else. I know a lot of Japanese cuisine is based on seafood - but are there other Japanese meat or vegetable dishes I should try? I'd like to try as much as possible to not eat Western (boring) food while I'm visiting.  
51339	Tour of Stack Exchange offices, other than NY HQ?	I really got the idea from Is it possible to go on a tour of the Stack Exchange headquarters? I live closer to Denver, is there much of an office there? What about your London offices?    Can we have a sneak peak at the other offices as well? 
51344	ESTA visa waiver	I am travelling from Panama to LA, I will be travelling around the states for approx 80 days then flying back to Panama and making my way up Central America for approx 3 months before flying back to LA to fly home to Australia. Will this be ok with an ESTA? Does it count as spending too long in the states? I have been told that Panama is not far enough away.  Thank you  
51350	Where in Asia can I meet tall peoples?	I'm about six foot five (195 cm in the new measure). When I've visited Japan and Taiwan, it's fairly obvious that I'm taller than the average person there, and residents sometimes mention how tall I am.  Being rather tall hasn't been anything more than a minor inconvenience, but I'd be curious to know where I can meet tall peoples.  Criteria:   If a country has a couple of ethnic groups, and one of them is particularly tall while the others are rather short, I'd be interested in it, because I'm more interested in a high proportion of tall people, rather than what the average overall is. So, looking at averages by country doesn't particularly answer the question. I'm interested in both peoples that are tall because of their nutrition, and groups that are tall because of their genetics. "Cheating" is allowed, so long as it isn't harmful to the individuals. So tall getas are ok, but neck rings isn't. Expat caucasians don't count. Specific professions count only if they're part of the local culture. If oirans still existed, they'd count, but netball teams wouldn't. Football aside, Australia (or at least non-indigenous Australians) does not count as Asia.   In particular, is Mongolia a good place to find tall peoples? One answer here suggests it is, but Wikipedia says that the national average is rather low. Does it have ethnic groups that are relatively tall? 
51350	Where in Asia can I meet tall peoples?	I'm about six foot five (195 cm in the new measure). When I've visited Japan and Taiwan, it's fairly obvious that I'm taller than the average person there, and residents sometimes mention how tall I am.  Being rather tall hasn't been anything more than a minor inconvenience, but I'd be curious to know where I can meet tall peoples.  Criteria:   If a country has a couple of ethnic groups, and one of them is particularly tall while the others are rather short, I'd be interested in it, because I'm more interested in a high proportion of tall people, rather than what the average overall is. So, looking at averages by country doesn't particularly answer the question. I'm interested in both peoples that are tall because of their nutrition, and groups that are tall because of their genetics. "Cheating" is allowed, so long as it isn't harmful to the individuals. So tall getas are ok, but neck rings isn't. Expat caucasians don't count. Specific professions count only if they're part of the local culture. If oirans still existed, they'd count, but netball teams wouldn't. Football aside, Australia (or at least non-indigenous Australians) does not count as Asia.   In particular, is Mongolia a good place to find tall peoples? One answer here suggests it is, but Wikipedia says that the national average is rather low. Does it have ethnic groups that are relatively tall? 
51165	Senggigi to Labuhan Lombok, how to?	I plan to go from Senggigi (west Lombok) to Labuhan Lombok (east Lombok).  Is there any buses or shared taxi doing this journey?  If yes, where can I take it? how much is it? and how long does the journey take?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51371	Do I need any kind of visa?	I'm holding an Indian passport and I'm  traveling to India from Canada. My question is do I need any kind of visa to travel between the two layovers ,the details of my flight are:  TORONTO - PARIS Layover -2 hour and 5 minutes   PARIS -  FRANKFURT  Layover -1 hour and 50minutes   FRANKFURT - INDIA (Final destination ) 
51401	Russian traveling from Mexico to Russia via Europe; Which Schengen airports allow transit without Schengen visa?	I am a Russian traveling from Mexico to Russia via Europe; Which Schengen airports allow transit without Schengen visa?  
51405	US to Canada by air - minors passport expired	We (adults, 3 children ages 9-14) are traveling by airplane from the US to Canada on 7.21.15 for 1 week. Our 3 children's (ages 9-14) passports all expired on 7.18.15.  3 days before our departure. Will our children be able to enter Canada with a US birth certificate with a seal accompanied by us, their legal parents, with our still valid passports as well as their only 72 hour expired passports? Thanks 
51415	24 hour visit to UK holding schengen type-c visa while in germany	i am a Pakistani national and i am here in Germany for 2 months with Schengen type-C visa. I want to visit London for less than 24 hours. Do i need a visa for my visit or not?  
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51386	Spelling mistake on my Air ticket	By mistake I misspelled my last name while booking air ticket, It was supposed to be GanGArajuvardhana instead of GanAGrajuvardhana (I've highlighted the mistake in uppercase letters). Will that be a problem at immigration? 
51427	Transit Visa???Urgent	I am traveling to Chicago by the Lufthansa airlines. The route is Delhi-Frankfurt- Brussels- Chicago. I have a US F1 visa, and a UK travelling visa which is still valid till Octoer 2015. Do I still need to apply for Schengen Transit Visa? 
51447	How long should we wait for a UK Visitor Visa in New Delhi?	We applied for a visitor visa (less than 6 month)in New Delhi at 10 June but nobody is given answer when we will got visa. Already our passports in embassy from last 40 days  At least they should be return passports when time is go more than 15 days. I got same visa 3 years ago in 15 days in Istanbul. Some body can help us? When we will get it? 
51447	How long should we wait for a UK Visitor Visa in New Delhi?	We applied for a visitor visa (less than 6 month)in New Delhi at 10 June but nobody is given answer when we will got visa. Already our passports in embassy from last 40 days  At least they should be return passports when time is go more than 15 days. I got same visa 3 years ago in 15 days in Istanbul. Some body can help us? When we will get it? 
51478	Traveling with a Dog from the USA to the UK	This dog came from the UK to the USA with me five years ago, now I want to take her back with me. I have the carrier etc all good, but I have quesitons about entering the UK that nobody seems to have a straight answer to (I just spoke to the vets "travel agent" person and that left me even more confused.)  She seemed to think that on entry to UK we will have to have an agent take the dog through tests and that will cost over $1300. She suggested we fly to Europe and then drive to the UK in order to get around this.   We are flying in November, so I have time to get the blood tests etc if that needs to be done, however I am not sure about the other stuff and if I can just get the bloodwork, rabies booster and microchip and go or if there is more to it than that. I would love it if anyone has a definite answer regarding what it is I need to do and the expected total cost.   Thanks for reading! 
51463	Is there a legal depth limit for scuba divers in Egypt?	I have been to Egypt for a few times since about 2005. Many of the diving centers told us there is a legal depth limit of 30m (100ft) for all scuba divers (including CMAS 3* and PADI Dive Master). However, I found a document by "CWDS" (Chamber of Diving &amp; Watersports) which says     The maximum depth for diving with compressed air is 40 meters (if the training   qualifications and the experience of the divers allow it)   What is the CWDS? Do the rules from the document apply (i.e., the dive centers just pretend the 30 meter limit to prevent us from diving deeper) or is it true that there is this kind of limit? (Or is it even allowed to go deeper than 40 meters with a single tank of air?)  Note: I do neither care about limits by diving organisations (PADI/CMAS/...) or insurances, nor about limits by using Nitrox (which is free in most centers).  Clarification: This question is about Egypt, whereas my other question is about Turkey. Therefore this is not a duplicate. 
51489	Do I need to apply for transit visa	I will be travelling from Toulouse (TLS) to Bangalore (BLR) via Heathrow (LHR). Do I need to apply for Direct Airside Transit visa. My nationality is Indian and I have France resident permit. 
51509	How can I sponsor my Kenyan friend to the UK?	So far I have gathered some documents together (bank statements, payslips, letter of employment, tenancy agreement, etc.)  She is employed but only has the equivalent of about of £200 in her account. Will this be a problem? Can anyone assist with a section of the application form. 
51511	Transit through Abu Dhabi on Etihad	While transiting through Abu Dhabi (AUH), from India (BLR) heading to the US (JFK) -all on Etihad, there's a "pre-clearance" that passengers need to go through. Few questions regarding that:   If in case the BLR-AUH flight gets delayed for some reason, will the passengers be accommodated in the next flight?  Assuming that the delay is at the "pre-clearance" stage (i.e., the inbound flight is on time, but there is a delay in pre-clearance for any reason) what happens at that case? What happens to the baggage that is presumably "through checked"? Do the rules of the game change if the tickets for the entire journey (onward and return) are booked through a third party site instead of Etihad?   This is an offshoot of the original question: Abu Dhabi: Transit time and US pre-clearance question 
51507	Abu Dhabi: Transit time and US pre-clearance question	My parents will be traveling to the US (JFK) from India (BLR) and I am planning to buy their tickets on Etihad. I have a few questions regarding the transit and the US pre-clearance:   The flights I am looking at right now are EY237 (BLR-AUH) and EY103 (AUH-JFK). It seems like the transit time is going to be about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Is this sufficient to go through the US pre-clearance? Once the pre-clearance is done, will they need to go through any additional checks/anything at JFK? Since they will only be transiting through AUH, is a visitor/any visa required? I checked one of the websites and it says that a visa is not required if the transit time is &lt; 4 hours. Is that correct?   Anything else that we need to be aware of?  Edit: Edited per suggestions below.  
51519	UK Visit Visa hotel arrangement	Its another question related to my previous post: UK Visitor (standard) With Family Situation  In online uk visit visa application, under the heading of Travel Information there is a question that      "What is the main address and contact details of where you will be   staying whilst in the UK? Name of Person / Hotel"   also the address field for this question is compulsory.  and in case I want to stay in hostel or hotel. Then I have to mention its name and address without booking? or I have to book the accommodation first then provide the name. Since in case I have not booked and they rechecked that will I stay in that hotel then there is no proof, on the other hand I have read that you should not pay before arrival of visa. Same goes for air ticket. 
51535	Airport transit visa for Germany for holders of an EU temporary residence permit	First of all, I searched for info about this on travel.stackexchange and various websites but I can't seem to find a definite and unambiguous answer.  I'm an Afghan citizen traveling to Finland and my flight has a stop in Germany. I have a Finnish residence permit for study, but I haven't entered Finland yet so there is no stamp or anything on my passport.   Will I require a transit visa for the stop? Where can I find more info on this?  
51539	Can I be in transit in Athens for 24 h without transit visa?	I am Egyptian and I just have Bulgarian visa. My flight will have transit in Athens for 20 h, will it be a problem to stay in the airport without Schengen visa? 
51539	Can I be in transit in Athens for 24 h without transit visa?	I am Egyptian and I just have Bulgarian visa. My flight will have transit in Athens for 20 h, will it be a problem to stay in the airport without Schengen visa? 
51521	Are flexible airline tickets ever worth it?	I'm currently doing some research on cheap tickets between Europe and China. Since my return flight is more than 6 months from now, I'd appreciate the possibility to change the date.  However, while browsing I came across this:  Not flexible ticket Frankfurt-Beijing both ways - ~550 EUR Change of flight date: 125 EUR (?), I'm having a really hard time finding info on that  Whereas: Ticket with flexible flight date: One way 1000 EUR plus approx 300 EUR the other way  Are flexible tickets never worth it, or am I missing something? Lufthansa definitely does everything in order not to tell me what the rebooking fee is. 
51553	Schengen Visa Multiple entry	I live in London and I have been issued a Schengen multiple entry Visa from The Italian Consulate from 18 Aug to 1 Oct. My Holiday to Italy is from 18Aug to 23 Aug. Thereafter I will return to London.   In september I want to visit other countries in Schengen Area like France, Switzerland etc. But this time I will not be going to Italy. Will this be a problem with Port of Entry? 
51553	Schengen Visa Multiple entry	I live in London and I have been issued a Schengen multiple entry Visa from The Italian Consulate from 18 Aug to 1 Oct. My Holiday to Italy is from 18Aug to 23 Aug. Thereafter I will return to London.   In september I want to visit other countries in Schengen Area like France, Switzerland etc. But this time I will not be going to Italy. Will this be a problem with Port of Entry? 
2026	Couldn't return papers to border officials last time. Should I be afraid when going back to USA?	Three years ago I was on holidays in Canada and visited the Niagara Falls. I also went to the American side of the falls and got something like a "short-term visa". I also got a green paper with all my information (name, passport number, etc.) which I should give back at the border when leaving USA again.  When I got back from the USA side of the falls, the border was abandoned. Therefore I couldn't give the green paper back to the officials. Now I'm really a bit afraid that in their computer system I still haven't left the USA.  Next summer I plan to visit USA again. Can I get into trouble at the border? 
51558	Question about baggage claim on international flight	I am traveling from Toronto to Ahmedabad via Chicago and Doha and same way back. I am traveling from Toronto to Chicago in Air Canada and in Qatar from Chicago to Doha to Ahmedabad. Same way back. How will the baggage claim, customs and immigration work? While coming back, do I have to get my luggage at Chicago airport, undergo customs, and take all the baggage with me on the train, change terminals, and re-check my luggage at the Air Canada counter, or do I not have to worry about my luggage and it gets automatically transferred? 
51560	Transit in Toronto from US to Europe on Air Canada	I am going back from 14 days US vacation to Germany via Denmark, flying on Air Canada from Newark, transferring in Toronto and leaving Toronto to Copenhagen (CPH) on Air Canada 4 hours later. Both AC flights are on the same ticket and I am German. On a separate Star Alliance ticket (Scandinavian Airlines), I will fly from CPH to Germany after 2 hours layover in CPH.   Will I be able to check my luggage through to Denmark or Germany from New York? Don't think so, because from Toronto Airport Website I understood, that I will have to gather and recheck my luggage. I have read on a forum, that at Toronto Terminal I might get "locked" in an area, from where it is impossible to go to the Maple Leaf Lounge until it is time to go to customs and security. Did I misunderstand or might something similar be possible?  
47520	Will stay less than 90 days in Germany, but will work there, what kind of visa do I need?	I'm a Chinese citizen living in US and I will work in Germany for less than 90 days, what kind of visa do I need? Business visa (Schengen visa) or employment visa (residence visa)? 
51589	German visa and willingness to return	A friend from Russia (Moscow) is planning to visit me in late August. She is about to apply for a visa but she's worried that they will deny her application because she doesn't have anything to prove her willingness to return. She is 22 years old an just got her first degree in university and even though she will continue studying in the next semester, she won't have any documents from the university until September.  Is it likely that she won't get the visa? If so is there anything we can do about that, like proving she has a return ticket / reservation?  Edit: I should add that she lives with her parents (who are paying for the trip). 
51601	Taking two laptops while travelling from USA to India	I will be travelling with my wife from USA to India and we have both of our personal laptops which we have bought from US. Do we need to pay for any customs while entering Kolkata, India for the laptops. I heard that each individual is allowed to carry a laptop for personal use. Wanted to confirm. 
51631	Nauseous Anxiety Travel	I get severe panic attacks when I am in airports. Its only been this way for the past 3 years. I get very nauseous and I am constantly running back and forth to the bathroom. I don't know what to do... Any advice?  
51632	Do I need a transit visa for layover in London	I am travelling to Austria (Vienna) from India via London(Heathrow). I already have 6 months valid business visa with multiple entries for UK. I will be landed at Terminal 5 and my onboard flight is from Terminal 3 on Heathrow airport. So in this case do I need a transit visa?   
51645	What good is travel insurance?	I am non-EU citizen living in Europe for number of years. I have been an extensive traveller within EU countries. I have often wondered what the good of travel insurance is when travelling within Europe. Is it really necessary?  I pay social contributions in the EU country in which I live, but I don't have any other medical coverage. 
51030	Should I use an online broker to buy travel medical insurance or Should I buy from the insurance company website?	I will be travelling to United States to join a graduate program. I need to buy travel medical insurance for three weeks as I will be an early arrival student. I am thinking of buying Atlas Travel Insurance (HCC Medical Insurance Company). I would like to know if it is a good idea to buy travel insurance from an online broker like insubuy.com ? or should I buy the insurance from the insurance company's website directly ? What are the advantages and disadvantages of using each of these methods ?  Also, any information on the reliability of these online brokers like insubuy.com would be really appreciated.  Thank you 
51633	Are there any ferries from Europe to Egypt?	Are there any ferries to Egypt from Italy, Turkey, Greece or any country from south Europe? 
51677	Meeting young people in Mongolia, especially outside UB	Compared to Japan, I know that Mongolia has a lower population density, but also a lower average age.  Will I have any difficulty meeting young people of both genders? In particular, are people in their twenties and thirties still in the countryside, or have they all migrated to UB?  (I've already heard that bars and nightclubs aren't particularly safe for single, foreign males, BTW) 
51651	Height and weight issues for riding animals in Mongolia	I'm about six foot four, and my weight varies, sometimes being on the wrong side of 90 kg. Am I likely to be too heavy or too tall to ride a camel for health, animal welfare, operator legal liability or any other reasons?  Likewise, is height or weight likely to be an issue for horse-riding? I've heard that Mongolian horses are fairly short.  I've ridden horses and camels before, but only a couple of times. I plan riding as a single-day experience, not a multi-day one.  While checking the limits for camel riding, I came across http://www.redsuncamels.com.au/index.php?EXP=166 , which is for Australia, not Mongolia, having a restriction of 95kg for an individual and 165 kg for a couple  As additional questions, is body tone an issue? (If that is an issue, then it might indicate I'm ok, because I would have better body tone than someone a foot shorter with the same weight) Also, can I trust Mongolian tour operators to be both competent with regards to animal health, and reasonably concerned about animal welfare? 
51666	US passport holder visiting France for short scientific visit	I will be visiting France this fall for a "scientific visit" of about 80 days, and the relevant visa for this trip is the "Short stay visa for scientists, researchers and teachers" visa:  http://www.consulfrance-sanfrancisco.org/spip.php?article2686  This page also says that since I hold a US passport, I actually don't need the visa.  I just need to show my "CONVENTION D’ACCUEIL" at the border.  The problem is: I've already spent a considerable time in Europe this summer, something like 40 days in total, and together with my trip in the fall, this puts me over the 90/180 limit for non-visa stays in the Schengen zone.  So does this mean I need to apply for the French visa anyway?  Would the French consulate even give me the visa, given that they say explicitly that I do not need it?  If it's relevant, I'm flying directly in and out of France at the beginning and end of my stay, though sometime in the middle I'll also travel to other countries within the Schengen zone. 
51680	Safest way to travel from US to Mexico city by bus	What is the safest way to travel by bus to mexico. I am American and Ecuadorian. I recently traveled from Quito to Bogota on the bus took me 36 hours through colombian FARC jungle. Is traveling through Mexico any more dangerous? 
51697	Chinese visiting England, have Schengen visa	In Sweden on vacation with my Chinese wife. We plan to go to London 3-4 days. I heard, that there is simple way to get a visa to England, when you already have a Schengen visa. Its impossible to get any information from embassy or consulate, and there is nothing written on internet. 
51690	Outstanding Medical Bill In U.S	wife went to U.S to give birth in Texas. All hospital bills paid except 2 that came late from the pathologists (total around 700$). We've tried reaching the billers from our country via telephone but no luck. Finally we get their website only to discover the bills have been referred to a collection agency.  How do we resolve this and how does this affect us when we choose to travel back or reapply for visa to the U.S?  Note: we stated on our initial visa application that we were traveling to U.S to deliver our baby! 
51696	Can I acquire a second ESTA a month after the first ended for the purpose of transit?	I'm going to New York next month and I already have an approved ESTA. Because of the ESTA rules that say I need proof of onward travel, I'm going to book a flight to Brazil or somewhere in South/Central America (Gap Year travels) for just before the 90 days ends. My question is, it will save me about £300+ to get a return flight to the UK going via New York rather than a direct flight from South America, so will I be able to apply for a second ESTA about a month after I have had 90 days in the US? I won't be leaving NY airport and I'll have an onward ticket back to the UK so I can prove I'm not trying to stay. 
51709	Dates of travel change	I applied for a Schengen visa and was granted a multiple visa for Aug 8 to Aug 18 by italian consulate; however I have a change of plan and will be leaving Aug.10 to Aug. 25 and entering Paris instead of Italy.  What should I do? 
51716	Strategies for finding short hiking trails near a driving route in the Pacific North West?	Shortly I'm planning a drive from central Oregon up to Seattle. It's a longer drive than I want to do without stopping, but I have all day to do it. My plan therefore was to stop at several points along the way, and go do a short hike (eg 0.5-2 hours) at each pause.  What I'm struggling with is working out where to stop along the way. In the UK, I'd stalk along my proposed route with Ordnance Survey 1:50k maps, looking for likely carparks just off the route with walking trails and/or lookouts nearby.  For this trip, I'm using google maps, but even when zoomed in I can't spot anything equivalent. Even for a place I passed on the way here which I know has a trail-head carpark and several walks of varying length. Around cities it seems pretty good (eg looking at some of the areas around Portland), but out in the countryside I'm struggling.  Are there any good resources for finding shortish (less than half a day) walks, with marked trails (no maps or similar required, so beginner / family friendly) starting from near major roads (interstates, US routes, bigger state routes) in the Pacific North West? With all the mountains and all the driving round here, I'd hope there is, just need help finding it! 
51695	Fuji camera store near Split, Croatia?	Forgot my Fuji X charger at home. Do you know of a camera store in Split that sells Fuji camera gear? 
51719	How far into DC should I drive before catching Metro	I plan to drive from Raleigh to Washington, DC. tomorrow (Sunday). My final destination is the Verizon Center. How far into DC should I drive before catching the metro? 
51725	Travelling from India to Canada via Frankfurt	I am an Indian national, travelling from India to Montreal (Canada). I have a valid Canadian student visa. My connecting flight is from Frankfurt (Germany). The layover is of around 16 hrs at Frankfurt airport.  Do I need to obtain any kind of visa from the German authorities as well? 
51720	Application for Schengen visa when bank statement is not available	I would be going to UK and from there I would like to apply for a Schengen visa where the port of entry would be France. My friend who is a student stays in Lyon and I would be visiting him. However for Schengen I would have to show 6 months payslip which I would not have as I want to do it by next month. So how can the schengen be done. Please help. 
51720	Application for Schengen visa when bank statement is not available	I would be going to UK and from there I would like to apply for a Schengen visa where the port of entry would be France. My friend who is a student stays in Lyon and I would be visiting him. However for Schengen I would have to show 6 months payslip which I would not have as I want to do it by next month. So how can the schengen be done. Please help. 
51727	Transiting through US to Canada	I am travelling from Chennai, India to Vancouver, Canada. I have two transit points Dubai and Seattle (US). Will I have to recheck my checkin bags? If yes, then will 2 hrs be enough at the Seattle airport? 
51731	Europe motorway "overtaking" and "passing" laws	Context: I am a Romanian who wants to make a "Eurotrip" this summer. To make the situation a bit simple, I am referring to motorway traffic only.  The Romanian law makes a clear difference between overtaking and passing.  In Romania, you can overtake on the left lane only, but you can pass on all lanes.  Overtaking (is the same as in The US and all the countries of the EU): signal left, change lane, move in front.  Passing (as being described by the Romanian legislation): you cruise on the motorway and you encounter a vehicle on your left or right lane moving slower than you and you simply keep your lane and pass him.  The difference between passing and overtaking is that when you overtake you move from one lane to another and the distance to the vehicle in front of you is smaller than 100m. When you change lanes and the distance between cars is bigger than 100m you legally execute the change lane maneuver. After you execute a change lane maneuver, you encounter a vehicle moving slower than you on your left or right lane and you cruise along him, you would be executing the passing maneuver, NOT overtaking.  The situation described here is perfectly legal in Romania.  I know for sure that in Germany passing is the same as overtaking, so you can't pass on the right lane.  My question is what other countries in EU, or around the globe, make this difference between overtaking and passing and legally allow you to cruise along slower vehicles on all lanes, not only the left lane? 
51727	Transiting through US to Canada	I am travelling from Chennai, India to Vancouver, Canada. I have two transit points Dubai and Seattle (US). Will I have to recheck my checkin bags? If yes, then will 2 hrs be enough at the Seattle airport? 
51727	Transiting through US to Canada	I am travelling from Chennai, India to Vancouver, Canada. I have two transit points Dubai and Seattle (US). Will I have to recheck my checkin bags? If yes, then will 2 hrs be enough at the Seattle airport? 
51733	Refusal of a visit visa to the UK	Applied for a visa to visit my uncle in the UK but was refused giving the following reasons:  They said I applied to to visit my aunt (which I never stated in my application) but brought supporting documents from my uncle stating his willingness to bear the cost of my trip, meaning there's no personal or professional relation between us (actually when filling the form there was a question that went like what's the relation of the person in the UK to you but there wasn't uncle in the options provided so I chose other relative and added his contact details and address so I don't know where the aunt came from, does choosing other relative mean aunt or something?)  Secondly they said I stated in my application I'm a non working student and that I attached a bank statement with a closing balance of over 200GBP and that they aren't satisfied with the evidence of the source or the money is for my exclusive use (I don't really get this point, are non working students required to have a specific amount before applying or what?)  Lastly they said I said the cost of the trip to me personally was 300GBP but I had less than that in my account so I can't sustain myself in the UK does it not contradict the second reason?) they also said I stated I had 300USD for the trip but the cost of flight was 285USD and my living expenses 200USD meaning I'm short of 185 (I thought they just needed an information about these so provided them because my uncle was bearing the cost of my trip so attached all the necessary documents to the invite not knowing they calculated using the money my account, how was I supposed to answer the questions under income in expenditure in the case where my sponsor that's my uncle was bearing all the cost of my trip? Can I apply again? And how many times can I apply after refusal? 
51742	Trying to gather the right documents for my next application	I was refused a visit visa to the UK and I'm trying to apply again, but I'm still confused on how to answer some questions.   cost of trip to you personally cost of flights or ship how much do you have for the trip? cost of living expenses while in the UK.   Please take note that my uncle is sponsoring the whole trip.   What is required of me? I'm not really getting that part well.  With my bank statement, is there a required amount I'm supposed to have? I'm really confused.  I'm a student who's not working and receives money from home every month, but had received money from home that amounted to about 300GBP as at the time I was making my application, to help me get some things for my application.  (For example, I had to travel from my city to a different city since there was no application centre where I'm located, and the transport is very expensive.) But they said there's no evidence of source of the money in my account, given that I'm a student who's not working, so I still don't know which evidence they want.  I'm schooling in a different country. I receive money from home via my home country's account and withdraw with the Visa card where I am currently, then deposit the money into my current country of residence's account.  
51742	Trying to gather the right documents for my next application	I was refused a visit visa to the UK and I'm trying to apply again, but I'm still confused on how to answer some questions.   cost of trip to you personally cost of flights or ship how much do you have for the trip? cost of living expenses while in the UK.   Please take note that my uncle is sponsoring the whole trip.   What is required of me? I'm not really getting that part well.  With my bank statement, is there a required amount I'm supposed to have? I'm really confused.  I'm a student who's not working and receives money from home every month, but had received money from home that amounted to about 300GBP as at the time I was making my application, to help me get some things for my application.  (For example, I had to travel from my city to a different city since there was no application centre where I'm located, and the transport is very expensive.) But they said there's no evidence of source of the money in my account, given that I'm a student who's not working, so I still don't know which evidence they want.  I'm schooling in a different country. I receive money from home via my home country's account and withdraw with the Visa card where I am currently, then deposit the money into my current country of residence's account.  
51742	Trying to gather the right documents for my next application	I was refused a visit visa to the UK and I'm trying to apply again, but I'm still confused on how to answer some questions.   cost of trip to you personally cost of flights or ship how much do you have for the trip? cost of living expenses while in the UK.   Please take note that my uncle is sponsoring the whole trip.   What is required of me? I'm not really getting that part well.  With my bank statement, is there a required amount I'm supposed to have? I'm really confused.  I'm a student who's not working and receives money from home every month, but had received money from home that amounted to about 300GBP as at the time I was making my application, to help me get some things for my application.  (For example, I had to travel from my city to a different city since there was no application centre where I'm located, and the transport is very expensive.) But they said there's no evidence of source of the money in my account, given that I'm a student who's not working, so I still don't know which evidence they want.  I'm schooling in a different country. I receive money from home via my home country's account and withdraw with the Visa card where I am currently, then deposit the money into my current country of residence's account.  
51742	Trying to gather the right documents for my next application	I was refused a visit visa to the UK and I'm trying to apply again, but I'm still confused on how to answer some questions.   cost of trip to you personally cost of flights or ship how much do you have for the trip? cost of living expenses while in the UK.   Please take note that my uncle is sponsoring the whole trip.   What is required of me? I'm not really getting that part well.  With my bank statement, is there a required amount I'm supposed to have? I'm really confused.  I'm a student who's not working and receives money from home every month, but had received money from home that amounted to about 300GBP as at the time I was making my application, to help me get some things for my application.  (For example, I had to travel from my city to a different city since there was no application centre where I'm located, and the transport is very expensive.) But they said there's no evidence of source of the money in my account, given that I'm a student who's not working, so I still don't know which evidence they want.  I'm schooling in a different country. I receive money from home via my home country's account and withdraw with the Visa card where I am currently, then deposit the money into my current country of residence's account.  
51742	Trying to gather the right documents for my next application	I was refused a visit visa to the UK and I'm trying to apply again, but I'm still confused on how to answer some questions.   cost of trip to you personally cost of flights or ship how much do you have for the trip? cost of living expenses while in the UK.   Please take note that my uncle is sponsoring the whole trip.   What is required of me? I'm not really getting that part well.  With my bank statement, is there a required amount I'm supposed to have? I'm really confused.  I'm a student who's not working and receives money from home every month, but had received money from home that amounted to about 300GBP as at the time I was making my application, to help me get some things for my application.  (For example, I had to travel from my city to a different city since there was no application centre where I'm located, and the transport is very expensive.) But they said there's no evidence of source of the money in my account, given that I'm a student who's not working, so I still don't know which evidence they want.  I'm schooling in a different country. I receive money from home via my home country's account and withdraw with the Visa card where I am currently, then deposit the money into my current country of residence's account.  
31473	iPad, cellular data sim card, London UK?	I will travel from USA to London in Aug. I want to buy an iPad in USA which will work with a data sim card, which I assume to be available in London.  Questions:    Which type of iPad has the highest probability of working with a data sim card bought in London? Also, once I land in London with my iPad, what would be an optimal type of data sim card?   I hope to find people who are walking around in London now with a data sim card in their iPad. I'd like to find out how happy they are with the service and any pitfalls which might await me.  I have studied this page; it told me to contact my carrier, so I called T-Mobile USA and found them not to be knowledgeable. I spent lots of time on their site and talking to phone support. Also I tried contacting T-Mobile UK via their website and gave up after it seemed they want me to have a UK phone to set up an account. 
51754	Can I book a hotel room at 17?	There are 6 of us and we are wanting to book a hotel room. 5 of us are 17 and one is 14. Can we book a room? 
51769	Long term luggage storage	I'm looking for a place in Brussels where I can leave my luggage (It's 28 inch suit case) for about 10 days. I found Brussels Midi train station offers storage but not sure if it offers it for such a long time.  Is it possible to store it long term at Midi train station or are there other alternatives? 
51772	Luxembourg port of entry	I will be applying Luxembourg work permit visa from my country. Now to book tickets, i couldn't find any direct flights to Luxembourg from Asia(non-schengen country). So is it acceptable to land in Paris or Frankfurt as first port of immigration inside schengen area and travel to luxembourg ?  I understand that schengen visa carries 'valid for' as "ETATS SCHENGEN" and in which case I think I can enter any schengen country and provide necessary proofs/ itinerary about my travel to Luxembourg. But in this case i'm not sure if my visa carries "ETATES SCHENGEN" as i have seen other resident visas have specific country name "DEUTSCHLAND" or "SUISSE" mentioned in the visa.  please share your experiences and  suggestions. Thanks.  regards 
51768	Visit UK like a tourist with C-Visit-business	I am confused a little I want to attend a UK like a tourist but my visa type is C-Visit-Business. I read a lot of information but can't understand can I go to UK or can't. 
51767	Changing from single entry to multiple entry visa	I have a visa for bulgharia single entry it would start tomorrow , I didn't use it yet , I want to go and stay a day in bucharest from sofia and come back to sofia , I think because of my visa songle entry they won't allow for me to enter again , can I go to embassy and ask them to make my visa multiple entries before travelling if I can't there is no solution for that ! Like get any permission from bulgharia or something like that !!  
51802	Transit visas for flight stopover in France from Karachi to Houston	If I am travelling from Karachi,Pakistan to Houston, Texas ( with a Pakistani passport that has a USA visa stamp on it) do I need to have a transit/Schengen visa if I have a 8 hour stopover in France and I do not leave the airport?  
51801	Spending few hours more than the “duration of stay”, that mentioned in the Schengen visa can make any problem?	I'm from Tunisia and I got a Schengen visa from the Austrian Embassy for 28 days, the “duration of stay”, and the number of entries is 1 and the validity of the visa is from 02/08/2015 to 13/09/2015. So I have to stay only 28 days. I booked a fly ticket My plane is going to land in Vienna at 18h sunday the 9th of August and my departure will be at 18h30 Sunday the 6th of September.  That's mean the arrival is on Sunday the 9th of August, and the departure is Sunday the 6th of September.  It is looking like I'm going to spend 29 days that's mean one day more than “duration of stay” but I'm going to spend 28 days and 30 minutes. Is there any problem or I have to change my ticket?  Thank you very much for your help. 
51815	Frequent traveling to the US	I live in Canada and currently I have the following travel plans to the US:   Aug 11-15: vacation with friends, totally for fun Aug 20-24: to attend a conference and I will give a talk. I can ask for an invitation letter.   The locations are very different (east coast &amp; west coast). Both trips I have return air tickets. My question is since the two trips are quite close in time, will CBP officers have any problem with that?  Thanks for your answers in advance.  PS: For full disclosure, earlier this year (March) I also had two short trips to US (only 2-day and 3-day stays respectively). 
51769	Long term luggage storage	I'm looking for a place in Brussels where I can leave my luggage (It's 28 inch suit case) for about 10 days. I found Brussels Midi train station offers storage but not sure if it offers it for such a long time.  Is it possible to store it long term at Midi train station or are there other alternatives? 
51827	Do I need a transit visa flying from Germany to India though transit at London?	I am a Indian national currently living in Germany with a EU Resident Permit valid for next 4 years, I am flying back to India through a transit from London airport. And same procedure when I return back to Germany. I was wondering do I need a transit visa beforehand, just in case to avoid anything with Border Agency there. Please assist. 
51828	Valid for Italy student visa but entry point is France	I have a category D student visa valid for Italy. I want to enter from Paris and stay there for 3 days before heading to Italy. Do I or can I apply for a Schengen tourist visa so I could enter Paris? Will it affect my student visa? 
51829	UK Visitor VISA Refusal. Possible future consequences?	Well, I was supposed to visit UK on 20th-22nd July this year to participate in a Competition/Conference as an undergraduate student from Bangladesh. I submitted it on 18th June. But my VISA application got refused. Stating this:     As Evidence of your circumstances you have submitted bank name statement in your father's name... for account number ***** shows a balance of ***BDT (around 2500USD) after a deposit of ***BDT (around 1600USD). There is no evidence of the source of these funds. You have provided electricity bills but no evidence of your father's employment or income. I am not satisfied that the documents you have provided evidence your circumstances and this lends me to doubt that you are seeking entry only for the purpose and duration stated. I am not satisfied that you are genuine visitor and will leave the the United Kingdom at the end of your visit.   I should've probably added another document stating my father's occupation and that he will bear my costs. However, this is like general knowledge in my country is that a father will very likely bear the cost of his children. Probably not so in the UK. Incidentally, I have searched the term 'VISA refused for source of funds' from a private window and the first page of Google results are all related to UK VISAs.  What pains me most is that this letter was signed on 23rd July even though I submitted like one month ago. Which means that for the whole time they didn't process my application. They could call/contact me if they needed any further documents. However they didn't which, I think, means they tend to reject applications more than they accept and do not care much about the applicants.  However, I will not reapply for VISA as the event, which I was a participant of, is already over.  I was wondering what are the future consequences of this refusal might have. I have previously visited India for a conference and stayed for 11days. And now that I have this dent in my passport, I want to know whether it will affect my future visits to other countries.  Thanks in advance for the replies.  Edit: There were six of us. We all submitted similar documents according to my knowledge. However, only one got VISA probably because he visited Russia and USA before. Two of us got refused. And the other three are still waiting for their decision. 
51829	UK Visitor VISA Refusal. Possible future consequences?	Well, I was supposed to visit UK on 20th-22nd July this year to participate in a Competition/Conference as an undergraduate student from Bangladesh. I submitted it on 18th June. But my VISA application got refused. Stating this:     As Evidence of your circumstances you have submitted bank name statement in your father's name... for account number ***** shows a balance of ***BDT (around 2500USD) after a deposit of ***BDT (around 1600USD). There is no evidence of the source of these funds. You have provided electricity bills but no evidence of your father's employment or income. I am not satisfied that the documents you have provided evidence your circumstances and this lends me to doubt that you are seeking entry only for the purpose and duration stated. I am not satisfied that you are genuine visitor and will leave the the United Kingdom at the end of your visit.   I should've probably added another document stating my father's occupation and that he will bear my costs. However, this is like general knowledge in my country is that a father will very likely bear the cost of his children. Probably not so in the UK. Incidentally, I have searched the term 'VISA refused for source of funds' from a private window and the first page of Google results are all related to UK VISAs.  What pains me most is that this letter was signed on 23rd July even though I submitted like one month ago. Which means that for the whole time they didn't process my application. They could call/contact me if they needed any further documents. However they didn't which, I think, means they tend to reject applications more than they accept and do not care much about the applicants.  However, I will not reapply for VISA as the event, which I was a participant of, is already over.  I was wondering what are the future consequences of this refusal might have. I have previously visited India for a conference and stayed for 11days. And now that I have this dent in my passport, I want to know whether it will affect my future visits to other countries.  Thanks in advance for the replies.  Edit: There were six of us. We all submitted similar documents according to my knowledge. However, only one got VISA probably because he visited Russia and USA before. Two of us got refused. And the other three are still waiting for their decision. 
51840	I have a 'Schengenstater' visa issued by the Sweden Embassy for a conference in Sweden. Can I book a return flight from India to Copenhagen?	I have a 'Schengenstater' visa issued by the Sweden Embassy for a conference in Sweden.    Can I book a return flight from India to Copenhagen or Helsinki and from there take a bus to Gothenburg, Sweden on the same day?  Would there be any resulting visa issues because of this?    Any issues at any of the airports involved?    This indirect route is giving saving us a lot of money and hence this would be a great option.  My visa says Number of entries: 01.  Edit: has been marked as a duplicate of Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa? but this question is much more specific than that.  The other question also states that some countries might be more nitpicky than the others. I would specifically like to know if I can land in Copenhagen and travel from there. Also, the other question says multiple entry visa. 
51847	With a Tourist visa do I need any other visa to holiday in UK en route from USA to India?	I plan to travel from USA to India with a few days stopover in London. I have an approved UK Tourist visa and a valid I-797 document but my US H-1B visa has expired.    Do I need any other visa (like Transit etc.) in addition to UK Tourist visa in order to holiday in UK before continuing to my home country? 
51849	Hidden Requirements in UK Visa Applications? (Source of evidence of funds)	This post originates from a discussion with an established TSE user in this thread.  I applied for UK Visitor VISA for attending a competition while my father will be funding the visit. However they refused my VISA saying, "There is no evidence of the source of these funds. You have provided electricity bills but no evidence of your father's employment or income."  However, when I submitted the visa application I didn't find any article about about explaining unusual transaction or to explain the occupation of the person who is funding my travel. Are these hidden requirements? or buried somewhere where I didn't look? 
51829	UK Visitor VISA Refusal. Possible future consequences?	Well, I was supposed to visit UK on 20th-22nd July this year to participate in a Competition/Conference as an undergraduate student from Bangladesh. I submitted it on 18th June. But my VISA application got refused. Stating this:     As Evidence of your circumstances you have submitted bank name statement in your father's name... for account number ***** shows a balance of ***BDT (around 2500USD) after a deposit of ***BDT (around 1600USD). There is no evidence of the source of these funds. You have provided electricity bills but no evidence of your father's employment or income. I am not satisfied that the documents you have provided evidence your circumstances and this lends me to doubt that you are seeking entry only for the purpose and duration stated. I am not satisfied that you are genuine visitor and will leave the the United Kingdom at the end of your visit.   I should've probably added another document stating my father's occupation and that he will bear my costs. However, this is like general knowledge in my country is that a father will very likely bear the cost of his children. Probably not so in the UK. Incidentally, I have searched the term 'VISA refused for source of funds' from a private window and the first page of Google results are all related to UK VISAs.  What pains me most is that this letter was signed on 23rd July even though I submitted like one month ago. Which means that for the whole time they didn't process my application. They could call/contact me if they needed any further documents. However they didn't which, I think, means they tend to reject applications more than they accept and do not care much about the applicants.  However, I will not reapply for VISA as the event, which I was a participant of, is already over.  I was wondering what are the future consequences of this refusal might have. I have previously visited India for a conference and stayed for 11days. And now that I have this dent in my passport, I want to know whether it will affect my future visits to other countries.  Thanks in advance for the replies.  Edit: There were six of us. We all submitted similar documents according to my knowledge. However, only one got VISA probably because he visited Russia and USA before. Two of us got refused. And the other three are still waiting for their decision. 
51854	Overnight at Schiphol airport or hotel needed?	I will go from Belgium (Brussels Midi Railway Station) to The Netherlands (Schiphol airport) so I am supposed to arrive there on Saturday at 11:24pm and then wait many hours (like 10h) for my next flight which takes place on Sunday at 12:30pm but I am not allowed to do the check-in until 9:30am.  In this context, I'd like to know if will need to book a hotel or (if not) how "rude" is to sleep at Schiphol airport - I believe this is different from airport to airport and I was thinking to probably follow these tips but I am not sure.  However, if an hotel is needed, I thought about booking a room at Mercure hotel (inside airport) but I am not sure if I will be allowed to get inside since I won't be in transit until 9:30am, is there any chance? Also, if this is not the right hotel, which one could fit better from the following list of hotels available at Schiphol according to this context? 
51842	Refused UK Visit visa for lack of sufficient funds - What more can I do?	I've been refused a Visitor visa for UK twice back-to-back because I haven't provided enough evidence of my personal circumstances.  Some of my background: My nationality is Albanian but I've been living in Greece for the last 10 years, after moving from my home country, Albania, when I was about 10 years old. I lived there with my grandparents whereas now in Greece I live with my parents who support me economically, as I'm still a student.    I have been invited for an interview at a software development agency in London. The company is going to cover my travelling and accommodation costs.  The documents I've submitted are:   Birth certificate Family certificate House rent agreement Studies certificate My bank statement My father's bank statement My parents' work contracts A letter from the company stating they're inviting me to London for an interview at their offices and they will cover the costs of my accommodation and flights.   The refusal letters says:     "I have refused your application for a visit visa because I am not satisfied that you meet the requirements of paragraph(s) V4.2 (a) &amp; 4.2(e) of appendix V: Immigration Rules for Visitors because:      I recognise that you are sponsored by XXX but I must take into consideration your personal circumstances in your country of residence when assessing your application. The onus is on applicants to demonstrate that they meet the requirements of the relevant rules and that the statements made in the application are true.      You have submitted two bank certificates from xxx Bank showing balances of xxx EUR and xxx EUR but these are not full statements showing transactions and I am not satisfied as to the origin of the funds. I am not therefore satisfied that the funds are yours and available for your use.      Given the above, I am not satisfied you are a genuine visitor who will leave the UK at the end of your visit. Your application has therefore been refused under paragraph V4.2(a). As I am not satisfied as to your financial status I am not satisfied that you have sufficient funds to cover costs without working or accessing public funds. Your application has therefore been refused under paragraph V4.2(e)."   I get that I have to show transaction history for the bank statements to be valid, but I'm not sure what other documents to provide that prove my personal circumstances? 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
48725	What is the safest and cheapest way to see Komodo island, leaving from and returning to Bali?	We will be spending 3 weeks in Indonesia and Bali, and intend to take a trip out to Komodo to see the dragons and wildlife. We predict a three day excursion.  There are boat and flight trips offered by travel agents here and online before we go, but is it better to arrange when there? Cheaper? Less safe?  There is also the option of travelling from Bali, Lombok or Flores. We will be in Bali originally.   Does anyone have any experience of doing this excursion? 
48725	What is the safest and cheapest way to see Komodo island, leaving from and returning to Bali?	We will be spending 3 weeks in Indonesia and Bali, and intend to take a trip out to Komodo to see the dragons and wildlife. We predict a three day excursion.  There are boat and flight trips offered by travel agents here and online before we go, but is it better to arrange when there? Cheaper? Less safe?  There is also the option of travelling from Bali, Lombok or Flores. We will be in Bali originally.   Does anyone have any experience of doing this excursion? 
29000	How to get from Flores to Lombok by sea with stops?	Next August I'll be traveling with some friends in Indonesia (4 to 6 people). One of our destinations is Labuan Bajo (Flores island). We want to visit Komodo National Park and some islands in our route from Flores to Gili islands or Lombok. We have found that there is a company that has a small cruise (2 nights/2 days) that does exactly this. The problem with that is the price (a bit high), the restricted schedule (you may be stuck in Luang Bajo for 3 or 4 days) and the crowds (I've read that the boat is full of tourists in high season).   Given this, I'd like to ask if it's possible to hire a ship, boat or similar when we arrive to Labuan Bajo and make this trip on our own. Something similar but as a private tour and if that's possible, what's a good price for this? 
29000	How to get from Flores to Lombok by sea with stops?	Next August I'll be traveling with some friends in Indonesia (4 to 6 people). One of our destinations is Labuan Bajo (Flores island). We want to visit Komodo National Park and some islands in our route from Flores to Gili islands or Lombok. We have found that there is a company that has a small cruise (2 nights/2 days) that does exactly this. The problem with that is the price (a bit high), the restricted schedule (you may be stuck in Luang Bajo for 3 or 4 days) and the crowds (I've read that the boat is full of tourists in high season).   Given this, I'd like to ask if it's possible to hire a ship, boat or similar when we arrive to Labuan Bajo and make this trip on our own. Something similar but as a private tour and if that's possible, what's a good price for this? 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51881	Go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo by bus & ferry, how to?	I am in Indonesia and been told it's possible to go from Lombok to Labuan Bajo (Flores) by bus and ferry.  I am NOT interested in doing this by any other mean (ie. plane or sailing trip).  How does this actually work?    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
51895	Where to see seals in the wild in The Netherlands?	Traveling through The Netherlands along the coast, I often see signs or publicity involving seals. Googling for it you find only amusement parks or zoos that have seals.   Is there any place where you can actually see seals in the wild? Is there a season for it?  I know there are a couple of "sanctuaries" for seals and places where they are rehabilitated if injured. Although not my primary goal, if seals can't be found in the wild I would like to visit such a place.  
51917	Airport transfer from Ciampino to Termini	I found in this post that is possible to go from Ciampino airport to Termini.   The solution suggests this bus.  I read that it is possible to take a bus to Casabianca and then take a train to Termini.   Is this possible? Is it much more cheaper?  People with experience, what do you recommend? 
51929	Do I need any type of VISA for Amsterdam and Paris stop	I am travelling from San Fransisco to New Delhi. My connecting flight stops at Amsterdam while going Delhi and at Paris while comingback to San Fransisco.   Do I need any type of VISA for changing flights?  Airlines: Delta Airlines  Thanks 
51932	Where in Russia can I pay to shoot an AK-47?	I'm planning a trip to Russia in October (primarily Moscow and St Petersburg) and recently I read this question and liked the idea of being able to use military equipment, specially AK-47, as this rifle was created in Russia.  I did some research and found some tours like this one, but it doesn't allow pictures to be taken at the shooting range. Other ones allow photos to be taken, but are a bit expensive like this one that advertises one price, but charges extra for photos and has a minimun amount of bullets one should buy at extra charge.  I'm looking for a tour that would be as cheap as possible (I thought of 50 USD), take like a few hours at most (lets say 4 hours round-trip time) and would me allow to take photos with the equipment. If my expectations could not be filled, I would be interested to know that also! 
51939	Taking 2 laptops and an iPad for travel, as a student, to South Korea from USA	I'm a US Citizen who's received a D-2 (Student) South Korean Visa.  I have one laptop that I use for personal/school use and another laptop I that I am required by my job to use on their system (which is still personal use). I also have an iPad that I was planning to bring along for personal use.  Will carrying this many devices be an issue when traveling to South Korea or when I return to the US in December?  Edit:  Just editing to say that the job is an entirely online position that is for a company in the US and will only be paying me through my US bank.   
51941	Possible damage to passport chip? Urgent!	My son's passport got wet in the rain - it is dry now and just a teeny bit wrinkled. How can I tell whether the chip is damaged?    Will it matter if the chip is damaged?  Travelling to Italy, tomorrow! 
51941	Possible damage to passport chip? Urgent!	My son's passport got wet in the rain - it is dry now and just a teeny bit wrinkled. How can I tell whether the chip is damaged?    Will it matter if the chip is damaged?  Travelling to Italy, tomorrow! 
51961	Is it a good idea to use liquid soap to wash dishes when travelling?	So we arrived to an apartment we rented and noticed the dishes didn't seem very clean. Since we were told previously no toiletries would be provided, we brought some with us, but we had no dishwashing liquid and there were no shops nearby that were open.  Finally, we decided to wash the dishes using liquid hand soap and a sponge and it seemingly worked well. However, I'm now curious whether this is a good idea in general - is there any harm that can come from doing this (for example, bacteria not being properly cleaned without a dishwashing liquid) and, if so, is there anything better that can be used in this situation? 
51979	Apply new Schengen Visa while hold an valid one	I am a Chinese student and hold a France Schengen Visa which expires on 20th September 2015. My next trip is from 10/09/2015 to 25/09/2015, and I will stay the longest time in Greece, so I need to apply for a new Greece Schengen Visa, But the Greece visa center told me I must cancel the existing visa. The France visa center (TLScontact) told me there is not a cancellation procedure. The French consulate replied me as follows:     Note that you may apply for a new visa before expiration of your current one. Should the expiry date of your current visa falls in the middle of your travel, the new visa will start over from the date your current one expires. This is a Schengen rule and therefore enforced by all Schengen partners.   So, What should I do now? 
51979	Apply new Schengen Visa while hold an valid one	I am a Chinese student and hold a France Schengen Visa which expires on 20th September 2015. My next trip is from 10/09/2015 to 25/09/2015, and I will stay the longest time in Greece, so I need to apply for a new Greece Schengen Visa, But the Greece visa center told me I must cancel the existing visa. The France visa center (TLScontact) told me there is not a cancellation procedure. The French consulate replied me as follows:     Note that you may apply for a new visa before expiration of your current one. Should the expiry date of your current visa falls in the middle of your travel, the new visa will start over from the date your current one expires. This is a Schengen rule and therefore enforced by all Schengen partners.   So, What should I do now? 
51979	Apply new Schengen Visa while hold an valid one	I am a Chinese student and hold a France Schengen Visa which expires on 20th September 2015. My next trip is from 10/09/2015 to 25/09/2015, and I will stay the longest time in Greece, so I need to apply for a new Greece Schengen Visa, But the Greece visa center told me I must cancel the existing visa. The France visa center (TLScontact) told me there is not a cancellation procedure. The French consulate replied me as follows:     Note that you may apply for a new visa before expiration of your current one. Should the expiry date of your current visa falls in the middle of your travel, the new visa will start over from the date your current one expires. This is a Schengen rule and therefore enforced by all Schengen partners.   So, What should I do now? 
51992	Best option for short-term mobile internet in Germany?	Family will come to visit me from abroad soon and they're interested in having mobile internet for the duration of their stay available. Maybe they're able to bring an unlocked smartphone with them, but maybe not. In either case, what would be the best option of getting this phone connected to the internet? Are there reasonable pre-paid cards with data? Or, if the phone is locked, is it possible to get a "pocket WiFi" device for two weeks? 
50650	Schengen visa Travel	I live in South Africa and would like to visit France and Italy. I was hoping to enter in Paris and fly back home from Rome. It it possible to exit the Europe from a different country of entry?  
52008	Can I refuse to answer stupid questions at immigration?	Is it legal for customs and immigration officers to ask me the reason I travelled out of the country and return the same day? 
52021	Want to Travel from Heathrow T-3 to Kingscross want to know the TUBE route	Want to Travel from Heathrow T-3 to Kingscross and want to know the TUBE route with a map if possible  
52019	Inquiry regarding transit visa!	I've got a passport from Nepal and I have a valid US visa. I'm travelling to Us on a F-1 visa and I have a transit at Amsterdam. I donot intend to visit outside, do I need a transit visa? If yes, Do I apply for it beforehand or once I land in Amsterdam? 
52040	UK Visitor visa refused	I've been refused a UK visitor visa twice.  The first time I was going to visit my fiance in uk who is a citizen there, but they said I didn't have finances and ties back home here in Kenya.  My fiance travelled here last year and we got married. We've since been blessed with a baby boy. We tried to apply for the visa again but it was refused again.  Reason We didn't include photos of the wedding which we didn't know we needed as the marriage certificate was there.  My daughter adopted my husband's name after we got married, and there was a typing error in her birth certificate which has since been rectified.  There was also a question about my second child which I didn't understand as he is only 3 months.  Please advise me if we will get a visa after all this.  Would love to get my children to their grandparents as they can't travel.  Text from the refusal notice:     You state you are seeking a visa to visit your British husband ,I note   u previously applied for a visa in 23/04/2014 that was refused.no   written statement hence this outweighs their concern.      You've applied for visit visas with your two children stating that mr   x is their father, together with marriage certificate from Kenya,   however no corroboration of wedding such as photographs, invitations   and evidence that he was here.      You previously applied for a visa on 22/04/2014 and were interviewed   in connection with the application on 29/04/2015. On the application   you stated that you have only one child named x born on the 10/12/2012   who was applying for the same. The father was not registered. Now you   are traveling with the same child but different birth dates and an   additional name this raises doubt on her parentage.       Given the above and taking to account that you're unemployed without   saving and property, I am not certified that you intend to leave the   UK at the end of your visit.  
52013	I want to know about Transit visa for Dubai	i am travelling to Dubai for a week and i have my tourist visa which i got as i had applied with my dad's visa. I can't get my visa coz i am under 25.  but from Dubai i will be travelling to Iran for 2 weeks and in return i will do transit from dubai. but this time i won't be able to get my visa as my dad is not traveling with me, he had just applied his visa for me.  and before his visa expires we both can't apply for new visa..  in this case will i  get transit visa for dubai??  and the main thing is i am flying with fly dubai, they only allows 20kg in baggage, but my next flight allow me to take upto 46 kg.  so can i get any advice on this please?  what should i do? 
51967	Will I be stopped at customs if I bring the shell of a cicada through US customs?	So apparently people love cicada casings. In the US. I am in Japan, and have been asked to bring one back to the US.  Will I be picked up at customs or have to declare cicada casings (the empty shell of a non-live insect)? 
52067	It is unsual to host couchsurfers for a week?	I'm hosting a few couchsurfers and originally it was supposed to be for 3 nights, but they asked if they could leave their heavy hiking backpacks at my place while they did a small side trip to a cool spot nearby my city. I said no problem. When they came back they were going to stay for 1 night but one of them hurt their leg and can't carry their bag for a few days so I was gracious enough to say they can crash at my place until their foot gets better. They are staying for another 4 nights before heading out to their next destination.  It's my first time doing this so I was just curious to know the etiquette of hosting. I could have said no and told them to go stay at a hostel or something but they are quite nice and respectful people and mentioned they felt bad that they were extending their visit due to their injury. Thoughts?? 
52075	British Airways airport desk & dual nationality	I hold both a Bahraini and a British passport. There is a slight difference ( one letter ) n my first name. To travel from Bahrain to the UK can I show the BA check in desk my Bahraini passport. It has no UK visa in it. Is it appropriate to show the British passport? The Advanced passenger information system that is requested by BA where does it go? To the country entered or that exited or both? 
52075	British Airways airport desk & dual nationality	I hold both a Bahraini and a British passport. There is a slight difference ( one letter ) n my first name. To travel from Bahrain to the UK can I show the BA check in desk my Bahraini passport. It has no UK visa in it. Is it appropriate to show the British passport? The Advanced passenger information system that is requested by BA where does it go? To the country entered or that exited or both? 
52075	British Airways airport desk & dual nationality	I hold both a Bahraini and a British passport. There is a slight difference ( one letter ) n my first name. To travel from Bahrain to the UK can I show the BA check in desk my Bahraini passport. It has no UK visa in it. Is it appropriate to show the British passport? The Advanced passenger information system that is requested by BA where does it go? To the country entered or that exited or both? 
52089	I have selected B1/B2 visa whereas I am going as tourist only. Is this correct?	I have selected B1/B2 visa whereas I am going as tourist only. Is this correct? Will  be there any problem in the interview? 
52075	British Airways airport desk & dual nationality	I hold both a Bahraini and a British passport. There is a slight difference ( one letter ) n my first name. To travel from Bahrain to the UK can I show the BA check in desk my Bahraini passport. It has no UK visa in it. Is it appropriate to show the British passport? The Advanced passenger information system that is requested by BA where does it go? To the country entered or that exited or both? 
52088	Is there any problem if I booked Multi Destinations ticket?	I'm from Tunisia and I got a Schengen visa from the Austrian Embassy for 28 days, the “duration of stay”, and the number of entries is 1 and the validity of the visa is from 02/08/2015 to 13/09/2015.  I'm going to book a ticket (Tunisair) from Tunis to Vienna one way  , and I'll go back to Tunisia from Paris on Air France.  Is there any problem if I booked Multi Destinations ticket (be the way the Airlines are not the same one)? 
52096	Whose job is to check if the passenger has a valid visa to the destination he is travelling to?	Is it the airport security at the country you flying from? I highly doubt it because I have been to countries where it's so corrupted that you buy the airport officials for the price of a dinner.   Is it the aircrew' responsibility? Again I don't think they care much - unless there is severe punishments - in corrupted third world countries.   I have been personally in a situation when an officer at a certain airport insisted on examining my British passport before he allowed me to move to the gate because I refused to slip him a $100 note. I was travelling to the UK yet I have another passport which is valid and it is issued by the country I was flying from, which means he had no reason whatsoever - nor I think he cared - to examine my British passport to check if it's valid.  Edit to summarize it, I want to expose as little as possible of information about my dual nationality. For that I need to know whom I am obligated to show my passport(s)  
52096	Whose job is to check if the passenger has a valid visa to the destination he is travelling to?	Is it the airport security at the country you flying from? I highly doubt it because I have been to countries where it's so corrupted that you buy the airport officials for the price of a dinner.   Is it the aircrew' responsibility? Again I don't think they care much - unless there is severe punishments - in corrupted third world countries.   I have been personally in a situation when an officer at a certain airport insisted on examining my British passport before he allowed me to move to the gate because I refused to slip him a $100 note. I was travelling to the UK yet I have another passport which is valid and it is issued by the country I was flying from, which means he had no reason whatsoever - nor I think he cared - to examine my British passport to check if it's valid.  Edit to summarize it, I want to expose as little as possible of information about my dual nationality. For that I need to know whom I am obligated to show my passport(s)  
3507	How to get a visa for Iran	Most Westerners do not only need a visa to visit Iran, they first need a "Letter of Invitation" to be able to apply for the visa.  Most people get this through travel or special visa agencies, some of them are online only.  What are any trustworthy agencies that do this? Experiences in quality and duration? 
52124	Visit Rome city while my 6 hours layover at Rome before leaving for Malta	I needed to travel to Malta on a business trip. Since there was no Maltese Embassy in my country so I applied through Italian Consulate (on behalf of Malta) for the Schengen visa. This was the first time I applied for Schengen visa and fortunately I got it approved and my itinerary is as follows (no changes in itinerary before applying and after getting the visa):  I am traveling via Turkish airline and my itinerary is as follows:   my country to Istanbul (3 hours stay) - via Turkish Airline Istanbul to Rome (Italy) (6 hours stay) - via Turkish Airline Rome to Malta - via Air Malta   So, my question is:   Since I've 6 hours long stay in Rome (that is a Schengen state too) is it legal to go out and see the city ? For instance, visit the nearby locations like Colosseum etc !?  If Yes, am I breaking some rules by going out of the airport and seeing the city, because initially I was given business Visa to visit Malta ?   Again, this is the first time I am traveling to Europe.  Edit:  No this is not the possible duplicate, because:   I've single entry Schengen visa for a month I applied for business visa for Malta, but I'm going out in Rome while my layover   Thanks 
52127	Is it possible to travel from North America to South America via train, excluding the Darien gap?	Excluding the Darien Gap (which you'd have to take a ferry across), is it possible to travel from, say, New York, NY to Buenos Aires, Argentina via train? 
52131	I am a Bangladeshi citizen. Can I get a Turkish transit visa on arrival?	I am a Bangladeshi citizen, flying to Russia by Turkish Airlines. I have 96 hours transit in Istanbul. I booked a hotel in Istanbul. Can I get a transit visa on arrival in the airport? 
52137	Does Turkey no longer offer visa on arrival to Australian passport holders?	I'm an Australian citizen who's been to Turkey several times, starting in 2010, but not for a couple of years now.  Each time I visited, I was able to obtain a visa on arrival at the land border or airport. (Only the fee changed between my earlier and later visits.)  But now a friend who is also an Aussie but living in Germany is asking me about visiting Turkey and tells me Australians must now obtain a visa in advance.  Is my friend correct? Did the rules change or was he given inaccurate advice? 
52125	Refused entry to Spain previously. Will this affect my Student visa application?	I am from Pakistan and applied for a Schengen tourist visa for Spain in 2013. The visa was rejected on the grounds the purpose of visit wasn’t clear and that they couldn’t determine whether I would return to my own country, plus that my funds weren’t enough for a visit of two weeks.  I had all the documentation that one could think of, from the invitation letter from a local Spanish resident to the hotel booking, sufficient bank balance ($12,000 for two weeks) and much more.  I appealed the decision instantly and provided them with the invitation letter and still got a refusal stating that my intentions of returning back to my country were not clear. Understandably, I was 23 at that time and I can comprehend their stereotyping process and what not.  Now I will be reapplying for a Student Schengen visa for my master's at a reputable university in Spain, for which I have a 30% scholarship.    Will my earlier rejection affect my Student visa?    My parents will be sponsoring my tuition and living costs. How can I make clear that I am only going for educational purposes and will return to my country? 
52137	Does Turkey no longer offer visa on arrival to Australian passport holders?	I'm an Australian citizen who's been to Turkey several times, starting in 2010, but not for a couple of years now.  Each time I visited, I was able to obtain a visa on arrival at the land border or airport. (Only the fee changed between my earlier and later visits.)  But now a friend who is also an Aussie but living in Germany is asking me about visiting Turkey and tells me Australians must now obtain a visa in advance.  Is my friend correct? Did the rules change or was he given inaccurate advice? 
52148	Staying in Cannes and want to get in Paris	I'am plan on traveling trough France with my girlfriend and we are staying a couple of days in Cannes first. We want to see Paris too ofcourse. We plan to travel most of the time with the bus.  Can you maybe help us and guide what the best option is for doing this. And staying a day in another city is not a problem.  Thank you. 
30551	Timeframe for extension of Indonesian 60 days tourist visa	How soon can I apply for a one month extension of my Indonesian 60 days tourist visa? 
52158	B1 visa to USA - can I travel for leisure purpose too?	I have a 6-month B1 (business) visa to the USA.   I plan to visit USA for business for 4 weeks (training for my company) and then take 2 week-long vacation to travel around. Of course, you can never be sure if you are allowed into the USA, but theoretically, there should be no issue with the fact that the visit is not solely business, right?  I am afraid that if some further questioning takes place and the security officer sees my business documents confirming only a month's stay with my company, I might be given the permit to stay only for 4 weeks, not at least 6 that I want.   Sorry if it was answered before, but I searched and most questions are about B1/B2 visa (Can I use B1/B2 visa to travel to the US without a business purpose?). When applying for a visa in my country I also discovered that slight differences in phrasing the travel purpose ("working" instead of "internal company training") can result in not getting a B1/B2 but B1 for a shorter period instead (but maybe I am paranoid). 
52161	Colombian passport require visa just for layover?	I am a Colombian citizen and I need to do a layover in Lisbon, Portugal in order to go do Dubai. Do I require a visa? 
52162	Transit passenger through Heathrow with expiry of period J1 visa period	J1 visa just expired one day before but i am coming in British airwsys from OKC to Dallas to Heathrow reaching at 625AM n next flight British airways at 1015AM to New Delhi with my valid Passport &amp; will have through boarding passes from OKC. Is there any need of transit visa at Heathrow? 
52163	Cheapest agent in Hong Kong for obtaining a visa for mainland China?	I'm in Guangzhou with just a few days left on my tourist visa.  I intended to apply for a visa extension here tomorrow morning (Monday). That should cost about $31 USD.  But just found out a travel buddy just moved into a flat in Hong Kong.  So I have another option of going to visit him (no visa required for me) and crashing at his place for a few days while I get a new Chinese visa there.  Now, only HK residents can apply for a visa directly in HK and the rest of us are obliged to use an agency.  I'm struggling to find what would be about the lowest price an agent currently charges for this in Hong Kong. I won't need the rush service and it will just be for a single-entry 30-day "L" tourist visa. (Though the price for a dual-entry visa would be good to know too.)  As well as the price I'd like to know how many days it takes so I can tell me friend how long I'd be in the way for (-:  So far I found a price of $750 HKD (about $100 USD) but that's for a rush visa. 
38106	Luggage Locker in Brussels	I am planning a trip to Geel in Belgium in mid-December. I will arrive in Brussels early in the morning.  My plan is to have a walk around Brussels and then take the train to Geel from Bruxelles Nord/Brussel Noord train station.  The problem is that walking around with a suitcase, is not very convenient. So I was wondering if there's a safe place to keep luggage for a few hours preferably near the Bruxelles Nord/Brussel Noord train station or if there's no other solution somwhere in Brussels. 
18108	Are there lockers or luggage storage facilities at the Bruxelles-Midi station?	I am travelling from Paris to Cologne with a one-day stopover in Brussels.  Where can I store luggage at the Bruxelles-Midi station? 
14621	Are 7 hours enough time to leave the Brussels airport and go to the city center?	I have a seven hour layover at Brussels airport, and I'd like to know whether there is enough time to leave the airport and go into the Brussels city center for a beer or a meal?  If so, what transportation is available, how does it work, how long does it take, and how much does it cost?  Are there convenient luggage lockers in the airport so that I can avoid taking my carry-on luggage into the city?  This layover is from 8:30 in the morning to 15:30 in the afternoon on a Monday, and the flight is arriving from the United States.  The outgoing flight is within Western Europe. 
52131	I am a Bangladeshi citizen. Can I get a Turkish transit visa on arrival?	I am a Bangladeshi citizen, flying to Russia by Turkish Airlines. I have 96 hours transit in Istanbul. I booked a hotel in Istanbul. Can I get a transit visa on arrival in the airport? 
34982	Where to look up times for shows in London?	I am visiting London as a tourist and would like to go to a theater to watch a movie. In the US I'd use Fandango - just type in my zip code, see what's playing near me and go for the time indicated.  Is there a comparable service for London / UK theaters? 
52179	Using Un-used multiple entry Netherlands visa to travel to Sweden	I have a long term multiple entry schengen visa issued by Netherlands. It is unused as of now as the intended business travel has been postponed. Now another travel is required for Sweden. I understand first port of entry should be Netherlands. Therefore I have kept the itinerary in a way that I stay 1 day in Netherlands and then fly to Sweden. Now my question is, should I stay in Netherlands or directly use a connecting flight to Sweden after arriving in Netherlands ? Are there any challenges in this situation ? 
52186	Auckland to New delhi (India) with a stop at sydney for 72 hours- Australian visa required?	I am going back to India from Auckland, I wish to make a halt of 72 hours to visit my cousin at Sydney. I don't have any visa for Australia. What is required for this stop over? 
52194	Transit Visa required for London while going to USA?	I hold a valid Indian passport and I would be travelling to the USA (from India) with a valid US Visa the coming weekend. I have a long layover of 10 hours at the LHR terminal 5. I would like to roam around London a bit for few hours using the underground tube. My question is if I need a transit visa for going out of the airport and getting back again. Needless to say I would be passing through the customs and immigration of UK border control.   Please respond ASAP.  Avik, India. 
52200	Labuan Bajo to Lombok by bus & ferry	I am in Indonesia, in Labuan Bajo (Flores) next to the Komodo national park, &amp; I have been told it's possible to go to Lombok by bus &amp; ferry.    © OpenStreetMap contributors 
52193	Schengen border control. Italian visa but arriving in Germany first help	My daughter and I have Schengen visas from the Italian embassy. We are however going to spend a few days in Hamburg and Paris but out of our 20 day trip we will spend majority of the time in Italy. However our first point of entry is Hamburg airport. Please advise what I need to show at the German border control on entry to prove this. At the time of applying I was advised to apply at Italian embassy as this is where we will spend most of our holiday time. We are only on Hamburg for 3 days before flying to Florence, italy.   Secondly will there be a problem if we decide to stay in Hamburg long before going to Italy?  
52199	Transit from USA to mumbai	I'm student traveling to India from the US after 6 month. I'm planning to go via the UK (LHR). My halt at london is for 10 Hours. Dose my valid USA Student visa qualify for a transit visa exemption or should I get a air side transit visa? 
48725	What is the safest and cheapest way to see Komodo island, leaving from and returning to Bali?	We will be spending 3 weeks in Indonesia and Bali, and intend to take a trip out to Komodo to see the dragons and wildlife. We predict a three day excursion.  There are boat and flight trips offered by travel agents here and online before we go, but is it better to arrange when there? Cheaper? Less safe?  There is also the option of travelling from Bali, Lombok or Flores. We will be in Bali originally.   Does anyone have any experience of doing this excursion? 
52181	Left the US by plane. Still have my US Visa Waiver (I-94 A)	I regularly travel from Canada to the US by bus and get a US Visa Waiver attached to my passport, which I hand back to the Canadian customs officer when returning to Canada (by bus).  This time I entered the US by bus as usual, but left the country by airplane. When I tried to surrender the visa waiver to the Canadian customs officer upon arrival at the airport in Canada, he informed me he had never seen this before, and did not take the waiver out.   I understand that usually when flying to/from the US these records are handled through ESTA. Does that mean there is a valid record of me leaving the US, and that I can take out the waiver myself? Are there any additional steps I should be taking? 
52208	Can I get to Germany from Norway with a single entry Schengen visa while having a flight transit in UK?	I have a single entry visa to Schengen countries(type c). I will be traveling to Norway from Toronto, Canada. I will stay for a week, then I will travel to Germany. My flight from Norway to Germany will have a transit in London. Will this be a problem with my Single Entry Visa? Will I be able to enter Germany even if I have a transit in London? 
52208	Can I get to Germany from Norway with a single entry Schengen visa while having a flight transit in UK?	I have a single entry visa to Schengen countries(type c). I will be traveling to Norway from Toronto, Canada. I will stay for a week, then I will travel to Germany. My flight from Norway to Germany will have a transit in London. Will this be a problem with my Single Entry Visa? Will I be able to enter Germany even if I have a transit in London? 
52211	Collecting baggage in different countries through different airlines	Long story short..I am flying from New York to Dubai with Delta and Dubai to Mumbai with Air India.   How do I obtain my baggage and recheck the baggage with Air India without having to go through customs? I am not planning on obtaining UAE visa.. 
52213	General Visit Visa for UK bank statement	I am planning to apply tourist visa for myself and my family. I am doing all of the travel expenses for my family.  Do I need to submit my 6 months bank statement for each application of my dependents or just submit with mine?   Thanks   Tosif   
52217	Do i need a transit visa for heathrow airport?	I would be boarding flight from Copenhagen to Bangalore via Heathrow stopover for roughly 2 hours.I have an Indian passport,I checked the flight details,its clearly mentioned that I wouldnt be changing terminals.I have schengan resident permit as well,Do i need to apply for the Visa?  Please help me out.  Thanks for your time and consideration 
52219	iPhone 6 Plus - Using in the US	I bought my iPhone 6 plus from Turkey. I am using UK sim with no problem. I am planing to use US sim. Can I use US sim? If not, what should I do?     I see my question is not clear enough. I want to buy an US sim card and put it in my iPhone. Is it possible to use my phone with an American carrier?   In other words: Do I need to unlock my phone? Considering that it is bought in Turkey, I have no problem in using UK sim. (which may give you some information about whether my phone needs to be unlocked or not) 
52165	Are "tourist visa" and "visitor visa" two terms for the same thing?	I myself always use the term "tourist visa" for the common type of visa used by tourists on sightseeing visits to countries. Some people probably say "tourism visa" instead.  But very often I hear or read people use the term "visitor visa". I've always just thought it means pretty much the same thing I described above.  But is it actually the same? Is there some technical difference I'm overlooking?  For instance is there any country that has both kinds of visas as distinct types?  Perhaps some countries use one term in the official terminology where other countries prefer the other term and there's nothing more to it? 
49898	Ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia if I only have a European car licence?	I have a European car licence. But I don't have any motorcycle licence.  Am I allowed to ride a 125cc scooter in Indonesia? 
52236	Puerto Rico Atlanta Airport non-US traveler	So here is my question, me and my wife are both from Europe. We want to travel to Puerto Rico - which is sort-of USA.   First we do NOT have any valid US visa and as I understand we actually need one. That should ok - we can apply here, at home, for one.  My second and most important question is different. We plan to fly via Atlanta Airport and my understanding is that there's no such thing there as an international area. Meaning that when we get off the plane that arrives in Atlanta, we still need to enter the USA mainland territory (I really hope I am wrong here) - valid visa USA checks, etc. I've traveled to New York before and from my experience this can take hours (it took me 4 hours last time I was in new york).  So if there's a connection flight in Atlanta within these 4 hours for example, I can easily loose my flight from Altanta to Puerto Rico, right?   Any other pitfalls I might need to know? Thx!  
4632	How to deal with excess baggage?	I might have some excess bagage on my next flight with KLM. According to KLM's website excess baggage could be checked in online with a 20% discount.   Are there other options? Long, long ago there was always the option of sea mail. This is no longer offered.   What are alternatives for sending excess bagage cheaper then taking it with me on the flight? 
52219	iPhone 6 Plus - Using in the US	I bought my iPhone 6 plus from Turkey. I am using UK sim with no problem. I am planing to use US sim. Can I use US sim? If not, what should I do?     I see my question is not clear enough. I want to buy an US sim card and put it in my iPhone. Is it possible to use my phone with an American carrier?   In other words: Do I need to unlock my phone? Considering that it is bought in Turkey, I have no problem in using UK sim. (which may give you some information about whether my phone needs to be unlocked or not) 
52247	Can B1 Visa holder accompany another B1 Visa holder as dependent	I have a B1 Visa which is valid for another 7 years and my wife also has B1 visa which is valid for another 3 years.  I am planning to visit US for some business purpose and want to take my wife along with me.She would be taking leaves from her office and wont have any business purpose.   Is it possible? Or do I have to apply for B2 visa for her? 
51852	Which TGV routes travel at 500+ km/hr?	I want to take a TGV for the experience of traveling very fast on the ground. The Lyria trains are advertised to travel at 524+ km/hr. The TGV I took only went 300 km/hr. Does anyone know which routes travel at full speed, preferably one that connects with Paris? 
52267	How to protect myself from multi-leg flight getting delayed?	I'm planning trip from London (UK) to Lima (Peru).  Here is a result of a sample search:    2h40m layover should be enough, but what if my 1st leg gets delayed?  I'm pretty sure that is a not an uncommon scenario and "standard operating procedures" exist. However I'm unable to find reliable information on the internet:    http://www.wikihow.com/Cope-with-Flight-Delays-and-Cancellations     Talk to an airline representative about getting another connecting flight if you are concerned you will miss your existing connection.     http://www.bottonline.co.uk/flight-delay-compensation/claim-guides/when-claiming-gets-complicated     You need to have arrived three hours or more after your scheduled arrival time to be eligible to claim delayed flight compensation.     http://www.airpassengerrights.co.uk/Delayed.aspx     When confronted with flight delay or cancellation always request a written statement from the airline. This is always necessary if you have purchased a cancellation insurance policy.     http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k7144301-Flight_delayed_missed_connecting-Air_Travel.html     There must be I presume, rules in your country about airline delays and the right to be compensated in case of a delay     From related question: How to pass customs in time in case of a flight delay     if you still miss your connection (which will then be not your fault), then the airline will book you on a later flight at no additional charge, provided that you booked everything onto one ticket and the minimum connection time is met   Who decides if it was mine / not mine fault?    Previously I assumed "standard operating procedure" exists but maybe it depends:   on the country place where I booked my tickets operating airline(s)   Another assumption of mine - airline personal have manifest and coordinate with their colleagues at the airport to wait for some passengers.  Taking all these unknowns into consideration - how do I protect myself from missed 2nd leg?    Bonus question:   [fact] I'm 28, I'll be travelling with hand luggage and I'll run quickly. Say, 30 minutes to change planes is enough. [what if] I'm 78, have a lot of luggage, I get lost at the airport, I need to use aid of a wheelchair and airport personnel and I miss the flight even though I had 2 hours to change?   Is every scenario considered individually? 
52267	How to protect myself from multi-leg flight getting delayed?	I'm planning trip from London (UK) to Lima (Peru).  Here is a result of a sample search:    2h40m layover should be enough, but what if my 1st leg gets delayed?  I'm pretty sure that is a not an uncommon scenario and "standard operating procedures" exist. However I'm unable to find reliable information on the internet:    http://www.wikihow.com/Cope-with-Flight-Delays-and-Cancellations     Talk to an airline representative about getting another connecting flight if you are concerned you will miss your existing connection.     http://www.bottonline.co.uk/flight-delay-compensation/claim-guides/when-claiming-gets-complicated     You need to have arrived three hours or more after your scheduled arrival time to be eligible to claim delayed flight compensation.     http://www.airpassengerrights.co.uk/Delayed.aspx     When confronted with flight delay or cancellation always request a written statement from the airline. This is always necessary if you have purchased a cancellation insurance policy.     http://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/ShowTopic-g1-i10702-k7144301-Flight_delayed_missed_connecting-Air_Travel.html     There must be I presume, rules in your country about airline delays and the right to be compensated in case of a delay     From related question: How to pass customs in time in case of a flight delay     if you still miss your connection (which will then be not your fault), then the airline will book you on a later flight at no additional charge, provided that you booked everything onto one ticket and the minimum connection time is met   Who decides if it was mine / not mine fault?    Previously I assumed "standard operating procedure" exists but maybe it depends:   on the country place where I booked my tickets operating airline(s)   Another assumption of mine - airline personal have manifest and coordinate with their colleagues at the airport to wait for some passengers.  Taking all these unknowns into consideration - how do I protect myself from missed 2nd leg?    Bonus question:   [fact] I'm 28, I'll be travelling with hand luggage and I'll run quickly. Say, 30 minutes to change planes is enough. [what if] I'm 78, have a lot of luggage, I get lost at the airport, I need to use aid of a wheelchair and airport personnel and I miss the flight even though I had 2 hours to change?   Is every scenario considered individually? 
52158	B1 visa to USA - can I travel for leisure purpose too?	I have a 6-month B1 (business) visa to the USA.   I plan to visit USA for business for 4 weeks (training for my company) and then take 2 week-long vacation to travel around. Of course, you can never be sure if you are allowed into the USA, but theoretically, there should be no issue with the fact that the visit is not solely business, right?  I am afraid that if some further questioning takes place and the security officer sees my business documents confirming only a month's stay with my company, I might be given the permit to stay only for 4 weeks, not at least 6 that I want.   Sorry if it was answered before, but I searched and most questions are about B1/B2 visa (Can I use B1/B2 visa to travel to the US without a business purpose?). When applying for a visa in my country I also discovered that slight differences in phrasing the travel purpose ("working" instead of "internal company training") can result in not getting a B1/B2 but B1 for a shorter period instead (but maybe I am paranoid). 
19147	Can I visit Schengen countries on a Type-D German Visa?	I’m going to Germany for a semester exchange and I have a long-stay visa from Germany. Can I travel to the other Schengen states during this period with this visa or do I have to apply for a separate short stay Schengen visa?  My visa is German national visa type D. It is for a duration of 4 months, i.e., longer than 90 days. It says on the visa that the long stay visa is valid in Deutschland, which is different from my earlier visa, which I had when I visited Germany earlier; that one was a short stay visa and said it was valid in Schengen Staten.  Perhaps my current visa means that I can stay in Germany for a period of longer that 90 days can visit the other Schengen states if I don’t exceed the 90 day period. 
11114	Can I visit Schengen countries on a long term French Visa?	I have requested for a French long term student visa from India. It's a national visa and not a Schengen visa. My question is that can we still go to other Schengen countries on this visa? If not then can we get a Schengen visa from the Indian embassy in France? 
52280	Carrying iphone 5 with 2 old phone	I'm coming back to India after one month of stay in Japan. While coming to Japan I had carried two smartphones (personal) of Micromax and Nokia made. I bought an iPhone 5 (used) in Japan. Is there any trouble if I carry 3 smartphones? Whether I am going to face any problem at airport? What should I supposed to do? I will be landing to Delhi International airport.  Pls help me out! 
52288	Is it possible to travel in lufthansa airlines with a schengen visa to switzerland DOH-FRA-ZRH	I would like to travel to Switzerland with a Schengen visa, only Lufthansa airlines is having a low fare. Is it possible to travel in Lufthansa airlines with a Schengen visa to Switzerland flight route is : DOH-FRA-ZRH 
52287	Schengan visa to switzerland	I have got a Schengen visa for Switzerland. Is it possible to travel in Lufthansa airlines from Doha? The route is: DOH-FRA-ZRH and ZRH-FRA-DOH 
52289	I have applied for UK general visit visa 2 weeks ago but have not received any information yet	I had applied for a general visit visa for U.K. on July 23 and my travel date is August 8 and I haven't received any information regarding my visa yet. What should I do now?is there any way to check the status of my application ..can anyone please help me out 
52294	We apply for UK Visa in 29th July 2015	We have applied for UK Visa  on 29th July 2015 and would like to know the date when we will get the Visa 
52286	Procedure for travelling to UK with a valid Schengen visa from India	I am an indian citizen now in Netherlands with a valid Schengen busniness visa.I want to travel to UK just for a week.What are procedures for it and should i apply a tourist visa to UK and will i be able to take that visa from the UK embassy in Netherlands itself?  Kindly provide your suggestions.. 
52310	Can I reenter the UK on the visa-free regime?	My wife is a US citizen. She was given a 180-day private medical visa to the UK finishing on 24th August. She left the UK on 16th July after using 97 days of the visa. She wishes to reenter the UK on 23rd August making use of the 180-day visa-free entry scheme for US citizens, and leave on 26th August.   Is this possible? Will the private medical visa be cancelled and my wife allowed to enter under the 180-day visa-free scheme? (This would be fine.) Or, will she be obliged to enter on the private medical visa? (The treatment has been completed.) Additionally, will the fact that she has been entitled to be in the UK for 180 days on the private medical visa remove her right to visa-free entry? 
52311	Connecting times at Frankfurt (FRA)	I'll be travelling from New Delhi to Warsaw in the end of September. Since there is no direct flight for this particular route, I'm not sure what would be best.  The cheapest (and my preferred option) is Air India to Frankfurt (FRA) in a 787 (which is why it's preferred), followed by Lufthansa/LOT Polish to Warsaw. Although, the connecting time is a measly 1h10m, which is probably way too low (more so since this my first time flying international).  Another option is going to Paris and then to Warsaw from there, but Air France is the only one who goes direct from Paris to Warsaw. Also, since the tickets will have to be booked separately, it's a hassle, and it's considerably costlier.  Edit: In light of WANTA, I'd like to be more general about the question. How much is safe for connecting time, if I were to go through Frankfurt (with the connecting flight being a separate airline). 
52316	Can I transfer flights in Atlanta on a tourist visa?	I plan to travel from Colombia to Munich in two weeks. The cheapest flight includes a transfer in Atlanta. I have a valid tourist Visa (I'm Colombian) to enter the US and will enter the Schengen area on a Dutch temporary residence permit (I will study there). Can I transit through the US on this visa? 
52315	Long term schenghen visa!	I am an Indian citizen currently working in UK. I have to travel from time to time in Schenghen countries.    Can get a long-term visa (not less than two years)? 
52315	Long term schenghen visa!	I am an Indian citizen currently working in UK. I have to travel from time to time in Schenghen countries.    Can get a long-term visa (not less than two years)? 
52316	Can I transfer flights in Atlanta on a tourist visa?	I plan to travel from Colombia to Munich in two weeks. The cheapest flight includes a transfer in Atlanta. I have a valid tourist Visa (I'm Colombian) to enter the US and will enter the Schengen area on a Dutch temporary residence permit (I will study there). Can I transit through the US on this visa? 
52299	Is it possible to skip some legs of a cruise?	I was planning a trip around the Mediterranean countries when I found a cruise, with an interesting price, that actually goes to most of the cities/countries I want to visit.  I want to skip the last leg (maybe two legs) of the trip since I don't want to return to the start place and because I want to go inland and move to other places I intend to visit.  I know it's probably not the same as in flights, but I find lots of arguments not to skip legs here on TSE. From ethical reasons to bureaucratic and/or future consequences.   Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight? Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight? Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket   Can you actually skip a leg or more (either at start or the end)?  I know, as suggested in the comments, I can just walk out in any port, but these companies have their internal procedures and are responsible for you to a certain extent. When you buy a trip you also agree to certain rules. I don't know what these are but maybe they are strict on this for organizational purposes.  Update: This is Europe, Schengen area, which makes it easier from a legal perspective but I wonder if this would still be ok with countries with stricter VISA and immigration policies. 
52299	Is it possible to skip some legs of a cruise?	I was planning a trip around the Mediterranean countries when I found a cruise, with an interesting price, that actually goes to most of the cities/countries I want to visit.  I want to skip the last leg (maybe two legs) of the trip since I don't want to return to the start place and because I want to go inland and move to other places I intend to visit.  I know it's probably not the same as in flights, but I find lots of arguments not to skip legs here on TSE. From ethical reasons to bureaucratic and/or future consequences.   Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight? Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight? Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket   Can you actually skip a leg or more (either at start or the end)?  I know, as suggested in the comments, I can just walk out in any port, but these companies have their internal procedures and are responsible for you to a certain extent. When you buy a trip you also agree to certain rules. I don't know what these are but maybe they are strict on this for organizational purposes.  Update: This is Europe, Schengen area, which makes it easier from a legal perspective but I wonder if this would still be ok with countries with stricter VISA and immigration policies. 
52299	Is it possible to skip some legs of a cruise?	I was planning a trip around the Mediterranean countries when I found a cruise, with an interesting price, that actually goes to most of the cities/countries I want to visit.  I want to skip the last leg (maybe two legs) of the trip since I don't want to return to the start place and because I want to go inland and move to other places I intend to visit.  I know it's probably not the same as in flights, but I find lots of arguments not to skip legs here on TSE. From ethical reasons to bureaucratic and/or future consequences.   Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight? Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight? Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket   Can you actually skip a leg or more (either at start or the end)?  I know, as suggested in the comments, I can just walk out in any port, but these companies have their internal procedures and are responsible for you to a certain extent. When you buy a trip you also agree to certain rules. I don't know what these are but maybe they are strict on this for organizational purposes.  Update: This is Europe, Schengen area, which makes it easier from a legal perspective but I wonder if this would still be ok with countries with stricter VISA and immigration policies. 
52329	Travelling to US through Canda Transit - Is it possible?	Is it possible to do this? I have b1/b2 visa and want to travel to USA. Because I want to see a friend of mine in a Canadian airport for a short period of time e.g. 1 hour I want to transit Canada and then travel to US. I am from Pakistan and am holding Pakistani passport. 
52333	In the context of air travel, what is the same vs different between the terms "transit" and "transfer"?	I keep coming across questions using one or the other, and sometimes both of these terms, yet I've never been clear on whether the two overlap or are distinct or if people sometimes misuse one as the other etc.  Here's an example from a question I just read:     Are 3h 58m enough time to transfer flights in Atlanta (from Colombia to Germany)?      I'm flying from Colombia to Munich with transfer in Atlanta. The transit time is 3h and 58m. The flight is on Sunday and Atlanta, indeed, is the airport with the heaviest passenger transit in the world...   It would be great to have a canonical answer here telling us clearly how each of these two words relate to air travel.  (Then when we all understand them properly I can be sure I can check if related tags are applied properly. But that's a meta issue one the terminology issue is clear to all.) 
52299	Is it possible to skip some legs of a cruise?	I was planning a trip around the Mediterranean countries when I found a cruise, with an interesting price, that actually goes to most of the cities/countries I want to visit.  I want to skip the last leg (maybe two legs) of the trip since I don't want to return to the start place and because I want to go inland and move to other places I intend to visit.  I know it's probably not the same as in flights, but I find lots of arguments not to skip legs here on TSE. From ethical reasons to bureaucratic and/or future consequences.   Can I skip the last leg of my domestic return flight? Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight? Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket   Can you actually skip a leg or more (either at start or the end)?  I know, as suggested in the comments, I can just walk out in any port, but these companies have their internal procedures and are responsible for you to a certain extent. When you buy a trip you also agree to certain rules. I don't know what these are but maybe they are strict on this for organizational purposes.  Update: This is Europe, Schengen area, which makes it easier from a legal perspective but I wonder if this would still be ok with countries with stricter VISA and immigration policies. 
52340	Arriving to the UK with an entry clearance. What can I expect at my landing interview?	Arriving at UK IMMIGRATION... I m travelling from saudi arabia on Pakistan passport.. What to expect from them? How about the question they gonna ask on interview? 
52333	In the context of air travel, what is the same vs different between the terms "transit" and "transfer"?	I keep coming across questions using one or the other, and sometimes both of these terms, yet I've never been clear on whether the two overlap or are distinct or if people sometimes misuse one as the other etc.  Here's an example from a question I just read:     Are 3h 58m enough time to transfer flights in Atlanta (from Colombia to Germany)?      I'm flying from Colombia to Munich with transfer in Atlanta. The transit time is 3h and 58m. The flight is on Sunday and Atlanta, indeed, is the airport with the heaviest passenger transit in the world...   It would be great to have a canonical answer here telling us clearly how each of these two words relate to air travel.  (Then when we all understand them properly I can be sure I can check if related tags are applied properly. But that's a meta issue one the terminology issue is clear to all.) 
52349	Worry about oversized check in luggage	I just bought a Samsonite poly-carbonate check in suitcase called Enorme 79 spinner. The dimension quoted in the specs is 22 X 31 X 15 (Inches) that adds up to 68. But the airlines allow only up to 62. When I asked the dealer he said the quoted dimensions include the expandable 5 inches and I can use without expanding the luggage volume.  I am traveling from India to Aarhus, Denmark through KLM airlines.  Should I expect any issues w.r.t. checking in this suitcase? 
52360	Traveling on two separately booked tickets to Dubai	Has anyone ever tried to check out their luggage in Dubai when you have two separate international booking? For example, if the first leg of the journey in Airlines A ends in Dubai and then I have another ticket with Airlines B to India, will I need a visa to transfer the luggage? Airlines A will not do it obviously because it does not know about Airlines B. I see some information here. http://www.flydubai.com/en/plan/connections/ but I am not sure if it applies only to flydubai flights.  In this case, Airlines A would be Emirates/United and Airlines B would be Spicejet.  Will transfer desk do this? Any info will be greatly appreciated 
52364	Security issues for a girl travelling solo around Europe	I am an 18 year old girl from Hong Kong thinking of travelling to Europe for a month. My parents are worried about letting me out and the security problems in a foreign place. My English is okay but not very fluent. Will I have any problems of communication?  What should I take to ensure my safety when I travel from place to place? Would it be dangerous as I do not have any solo travel experience? I haven't decide where exactly I will go. I've just start thinking about it recently. Sorry that I'm not very organised. Could you please point out anything I can improve for my question? Thanks 
52364	Security issues for a girl travelling solo around Europe	I am an 18 year old girl from Hong Kong thinking of travelling to Europe for a month. My parents are worried about letting me out and the security problems in a foreign place. My English is okay but not very fluent. Will I have any problems of communication?  What should I take to ensure my safety when I travel from place to place? Would it be dangerous as I do not have any solo travel experience? I haven't decide where exactly I will go. I've just start thinking about it recently. Sorry that I'm not very organised. Could you please point out anything I can improve for my question? Thanks 
52382	Travelling back from US to India with Iphone 6	I am in US on tourist visa for 6 month.Just want to know if i can bring 1 unboxed iphone 6 with me back to iNdia without paying customs?  
52382	Travelling back from US to India with Iphone 6	I am in US on tourist visa for 6 month.Just want to know if i can bring 1 unboxed iphone 6 with me back to iNdia without paying customs?  
52392	Travelling to the U.S. ESTA wants employment details now	I'm planning to travel to the U.S. for a couple of months to clear my head. I've been going through the ESTA application questions and they're asking for employers details.  I'm currently unemployed as I resigned from my job.  Does that mean I'll get turned down from travelling as a tourist ?? Why do they need that ?? 
52408	Flying BFS-EWR-YVR	Am flying into Newark EWR from Ireland enroute to Vancouver, Canada, all on United.  Will I have to clear customs, pick up my bag and recheck it?  Will I also have to change terminals.  Thanks for your help. 
52408	Flying BFS-EWR-YVR	Am flying into Newark EWR from Ireland enroute to Vancouver, Canada, all on United.  Will I have to clear customs, pick up my bag and recheck it?  Will I also have to change terminals.  Thanks for your help. 
52415	I have a stopover in Iceland with Iceland Air, do I have to collect and check back in my luggage?	Iceland Air offers free stopovers in Reykjavik when flying between North America to the rest of Europe (I specifically booked a multi-city ticket with a stopover in Reykjavik). Neither on my ticket nor on their website did I see a mention of luggage collection and check in in Reykjavik. Since this is a stopover (and not a layover), I am wondering if Iceland Air stores my bag for a day (my stopover is of about 20 hours) or if I should take care of it in Reykjavik (and find some locker in the airport/in the city) while I visit the area.  So, for Iceland Air free stopover policy, is Iceland Air asking me to collect my luggage in Reykjavik airport? 
52407	Affordable yacht holiday around Cook Islands / Pacific Islands	Does anyone know any affordable options for some form of yacht / boat holiday around the Cook Islands or other Pacific Islands? I'd really like to explore a bit off the normal beaten path with a bit of island hopping.  I guess there might be private smaller yacht owners that occasionally take passengers on-board for a bit of extra cash? Any methods to reach out to such potential providers? 
52408	Flying BFS-EWR-YVR	Am flying into Newark EWR from Ireland enroute to Vancouver, Canada, all on United.  Will I have to clear customs, pick up my bag and recheck it?  Will I also have to change terminals.  Thanks for your help. 
52423	I have been refused a visa to ireland and i want to make an appeal	Dear sir/Madam,               I have been refused a visa to Ireland as a tourist, their reason is that My visa application Questionnaire not submitted with the application, and no letter of invitation submitted with the visa application form. and have not set out the reason why i have decide to choose Ireland for my visit, and particular why i have choose the Galway area. This decision should be fully explained in any appeal application. and last no reference in Ireland.  so please i want you to help me make an appeal.  Thank you yours faithfully  Armstrong Gyamfi 
52424	appeal for tourist visa	I have been refused a visa to Ireland as a tourist, their reason is that My visa application Questionnaire not submitted with the application, and no letter of invitation submitted with the visa application form. and have not set out the reason why i have decide to choose Ireland for my visit, and particular why i have choose the Galway area. This decision should be fully explained in any appeal application. and last no reference in Ireland.  so please i want you to help me make an appeal.  Thank you yours faithfully Armstrong Gyamfi 
52447	reapplying visit visa after refusal - income and expenditure	Tax return documents that my husband has are for big contracts he did as far back as 2013. Will these be too old to use to support his self employed status? For filing for tax returns in retrospect, which period should this cover? Since tax return is normally filed end of year will evidence for when the company started in 2013 to 2014 be enough or should it cover up to now - July 2015?  About proportionality? Would you say spending 7,300 GHS on the trip with savings of 25,200 GHS is proportional? If not, what would you suggest and how would changing these figures impact the application. The reason it seems high was due to the depreciation of the cedi at the time (£1 to 6.9 GHS). Now it has improved (£1 to 6 GHS) so can we change it? Would it be better to quote the pound equivalent instead? 
31527	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	I am planning to visit Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain in October from Mumbai, India. I have already applied for a Spanish visa and am expecting to get it in two to three weeks.   I have booked a British Airways ticket. I will arrive at London Heathrow Airport, and my connection flight to Tenerife is from London Gatwick Airport. In-between there is a layover of seven hours. Therefore, will I need a transit visa for going to London Gatwick Airport from London Heathrow Airport?  If it is required, can I get it on arrival to London, or do I need to apply before starting the journey?  Further information:  I am an Indian citizen and I will have Spain Business visa for three weeks before starting the journey. This is my second visit to Spain. 
52472	How to get past traffic statistics?	I need to know which was the traffic statistics for the last two days near a certain city... There's a way to get it in google maps? 
52483	Intercités de Nuit “Espace Privatif" with 2nd class Interrail?	The French Intercites de Nuit offer the option to book Espace Privatif for a supplement.  It is available when booking at least one ticket in first class or at least four in second class.  For example, a full compartment for two people in first starts at €170 (2*€60 for the tickets, €50 supplement).  See also How to book entire compartments on French night trains?.  What are the rules and prices when travelling with 2 people on a 2nd class Interrail?  Is it possible to pay for a 1st class upgrade, or would we need to pay the full €170 or upgrade to a 1st class Interail completely? 
52482	Few centimeters beyond dimension limit: will they measure?	On both Iberia and LAN airlines the upper dimension limit for hold luggage is 158cm (it means the sum of the length, height and depth must be less than 158cm).  I'm considering purchasing a luggage that is 163cm in total, that's 5cm more than the limit.  I'm told nobody ever make measures but I'm still worried. Some people here travel a lot: have you ever had a problem with dimensions, and airlines staff measuring your luggages? 
52482	Few centimeters beyond dimension limit: will they measure?	On both Iberia and LAN airlines the upper dimension limit for hold luggage is 158cm (it means the sum of the length, height and depth must be less than 158cm).  I'm considering purchasing a luggage that is 163cm in total, that's 5cm more than the limit.  I'm told nobody ever make measures but I'm still worried. Some people here travel a lot: have you ever had a problem with dimensions, and airlines staff measuring your luggages? 
52475	Getting tax refund before departure from Singapore	Is it possible to get tax refund before departure, that is before having tickets to depart, during your stay.  The case is with Singapore. 
52488	German Visa Type D	I am a holder visa of type D multi for Germany. I am going to buy flight ticket from KLM. I have a question  for travelling to Germany by this airline. I have one stop in the Amsterdam airport.It is necessary to have transit visa of the Netherlands? 
52490	Documents for Financial Status and First Point of Entry	I am planning to apply for an Italian Schengen Tourist Visa (Short Term, Consulate of Mumbai). The required documents are mentioned here. The documents required for financial status are        Salary Slip   Personal Bank Statement   Original receipt and a copy of the Forex purchased or recent Credit card statement mentioning credit limit or original and a copy of the Bank Guarantee (Fidejussione bancaria) from sponsor in Italy or in case of Enit groups a mention in the cover letter that Forex will be purchased before departure.      I am presenting the following documents. According to their funds matrix I would need to show around 570€ for 15 days.   Salary Slips - Company provided salary slips Personal Bank Statement - Bank statement with 3500 Eu balance Credit Card Statement instead of Forex. I have a monthly credit limit of INR 100,000 (1,300€) on two separate cards. (Total credit line of INR 200,000 or 2,600€.)   Q1 - ) As my travel date is 2.5 months ahead, I do not wish to buy any foreign currency now. Is providing my credit card statement too risky or will it do just fine?  Q2 - ) My onward bookings are: BLR - CDG, CDG - FCO (Bangalore-Paris on Air France, Paris-Rome on Alitalia), What would be my first point of entry? France or Italy? 
52490	Documents for Financial Status and First Point of Entry	I am planning to apply for an Italian Schengen Tourist Visa (Short Term, Consulate of Mumbai). The required documents are mentioned here. The documents required for financial status are        Salary Slip   Personal Bank Statement   Original receipt and a copy of the Forex purchased or recent Credit card statement mentioning credit limit or original and a copy of the Bank Guarantee (Fidejussione bancaria) from sponsor in Italy or in case of Enit groups a mention in the cover letter that Forex will be purchased before departure.      I am presenting the following documents. According to their funds matrix I would need to show around 570€ for 15 days.   Salary Slips - Company provided salary slips Personal Bank Statement - Bank statement with 3500 Eu balance Credit Card Statement instead of Forex. I have a monthly credit limit of INR 100,000 (1,300€) on two separate cards. (Total credit line of INR 200,000 or 2,600€.)   Q1 - ) As my travel date is 2.5 months ahead, I do not wish to buy any foreign currency now. Is providing my credit card statement too risky or will it do just fine?  Q2 - ) My onward bookings are: BLR - CDG, CDG - FCO (Bangalore-Paris on Air France, Paris-Rome on Alitalia), What would be my first point of entry? France or Italy? 
52454	Reapplying for a UK Standard Visitor visa after a refusal	I applied for a UK visitor's visa. My friend sent me an invite to spend a month with her with a letter stating she would would pay for my accommodation and food. She provided her salary slip, bank statement and a copy of her British passport. The exact wording from the refusal letter:        You have stated that you are employed by x company and earns 35000 INR (£350 at the Onada rate of exchange) per month of which you state that you spend 20000 INR (£200) on living costs leaving difference of 15000 INR (£150)per month.  You state that you have no investment income.    You state that the personal cost to you of the proposed visit is £500 and this amount is equal to about half what you have in your account or three months savings.      With brief intervals back in India you were in the UK from 1/09/09 until 14/08/14. You do not appear to have travelled elsewhere .         4.your bank statement shows a balance of 101135 INR (£1013) on 1/7 with additionvof your salary.  You state that your brother and your friend and sponsor ms. Y will pay £1500 towards the cost of your visit.  You have not provided any evidence regarding your brother's finance anr his willingness to provide you money for a holiday,  besides what i take to be his bank statement showing a balance of 16803 INR(£168) 1/7.         In view of the above,  i am not satisfied that yiu are a genuine visitor who:   A.  Will leave the UK at tge end od the visit   B.  Will noy live in the uk for extended periods through frequent or successive visits,  or make the UK your main home    C.  Is Genuinely seeking entry for a purpose that is permitted by the visitors routes (these are listed i  appendices 3,4 and 5)   D. Will not undertake any prohibited activities set un v 4.5- v 4.10      My intention is just to go there for a month, spend some time with my friends and meet the people I took care of while working in a care home there.     How do I prove that I will return?  I am working full time. I get paid well with bonuses and am paid by the company for a holiday once a year. Can anyone suggest what should I do and what sort of documents to submit if I reapply? Is there any chance if I reapply? I live with my parents. My father works in government service. Is it a good idea to buy  return flight?  
52497	South African Travel agent wants to see my passport - I live in the UK	My friends in South Africa are purchasing a round trip plane ticket for me in December 2015. I'll be flying from London to Durban and back to London and their travel agent wants to see my Passport. I live in the UK. Is this normal procedure?  I am fully aware that the ticket must bear the exact same name as my passport - I am just very cautious about giving this type of information ad lib.    I would appreciate your advice on this matter. 
52497	South African Travel agent wants to see my passport - I live in the UK	My friends in South Africa are purchasing a round trip plane ticket for me in December 2015. I'll be flying from London to Durban and back to London and their travel agent wants to see my Passport. I live in the UK. Is this normal procedure?  I am fully aware that the ticket must bear the exact same name as my passport - I am just very cautious about giving this type of information ad lib.    I would appreciate your advice on this matter. 
52500	I have two schengen visas	I have two Schengen visas. One is from the Netherlands and expires on 27-8-2015. My other visa is from France and starts on 28-8-2015.  My travel date is on 19-8-2015 so I will enter through Amsterdam airport and then I will travel to Ibiza on 21-8-2015.  I want to go back to Amsterdam on 6-9-2015. Can I travel home from Amsterdam or do I have to go to Paris to travel home? 
50983	Do airport agents accept firstname and lastname in wrong order?	I booked a flight from HCM City to Manchester on 25/09/2015, using Etihad Airways. The input the last name as first name in wrong order. My first name: Hoang, last name: Pham, but while booking, I enter my first name as Pham and last name as: Hoang.  Will the airport agents accept the wrong order of first name and last name, or I have to issue a name change to the airways? 
52516	Transit Visa in Paris	I have got Canadian Student Visa. My flight has a transit in Paris to a tune of 18 hours. In website they have mentioned, that valid resident visa holders of Canada do not need a transit visa in France. But I have doubt whether this case is applicable to student visa as well.  
52391	Obtaining a Library of Congress reader ID card as a souvenir	I'd like to get a Reader Identification Card from the Library of Congress (as a unique and personalized souvenir) and am curious as to how I'd go about doing so. From the link it sounds like all I need to do is go to a Reader Registration Station at Madison Building, Room LM 140. It also doesn't sound like an appointment is necessary.  But, if that's all there is to it, then why would one want to pre-register online? 
52431	Using AA Aviator Awards	I signed up for a US Airways, now AA Aviator Credit card and earned 50,000 miles.  When I go online to redeem there are two choices of seats, Economy Miles Saver (none available for my dates) and Economy AA Anytime (some available).  Am I eligible for both of these?  
52540	Does renewing passports have an impact on the visa process, if previously I was refused?	I was refused twice for a student visa by the German embassy 3 years ago.  I applied for a tourist visa at the same embassy, but they again refused and in the refused letter they mentioned reason no#9.  I appealed and again they refused.  Now I have three refusals already linked with my passport.  My question is, if I plan to travel in the future will these three refusals hurt my chances for obtaining visas?  Specifically, can I improve my chances by renewing my passport? 
52540	Does renewing passports have an impact on the visa process, if previously I was refused?	I was refused twice for a student visa by the German embassy 3 years ago.  I applied for a tourist visa at the same embassy, but they again refused and in the refused letter they mentioned reason no#9.  I appealed and again they refused.  Now I have three refusals already linked with my passport.  My question is, if I plan to travel in the future will these three refusals hurt my chances for obtaining visas?  Specifically, can I improve my chances by renewing my passport? 
52555	Are 45 minutes enough for a layover in Munich Airport (from T2 to T1)?	Travelling from Lyon to Bucharest via Munich, had my eyes on a ticket from Lufthansa. The trouble is that I would arrive at 21:30 and have only 45 minutes to get from Terminal 2 to Terminal 1, is it doable? Does anybody know if the airport/airline can arrange some kind of pick up at the gate? I've been to Munich, the airport was not very crowded, if I remember correctly.  
52557	Flying into London, overnight train to Edinburgh that evening, where to stow bags/shower?	Looking for advice for how to manage things during a one-day "layover" between a flight (from the US) and the overnight train from London to Edinburgh.    I'm heading to Scotland for a wedding in the fall, and will be seeing some of England as well.  We're using London as our flight base of operations (flight from US to/from London), and taking the Caledonian Sleeper to Edinburgh.  I have myself, my wife, and two children (2 and 4).  On the way in, we'll be taking an overnight flight to London, landing around noon.  We're then taking the Sleeper that evening.  We're travelling Economy class (on Virgin Atlantic, to LHR) from/to the US, and haven't yet booked our train tickets.  What are our best options for stowing our bags and taking showers?   We plan to spend the day in London seeing a few sights (though we'll be back the next week for a longer period).  The way I see it we have a few choices, given we want to take one shower sometime between the flight and the next day (so either before the sleeper ride, or after @ Edinburgh).   Stow bags at LHR vs stow bags @ Euston, or perhaps a third location? Shower @ LHR vs Shower @ Euston vs Shower @ Edinburgh; for Euston, we can get first class tickets to use the Lounge, or otherwise pay.   Is there a better option of these? I've never used showers at a public airport/train station before, though I'm sure we'll manage with anything that's usable.  We're in particular concerned about the kids (who we don't worry about showering/bathing, but we do want to not lose track of!) and also read that in Euston they won't necessarily be allowed in the Virgin lounge. 
52582	passport with refused	i refused 2 times for study visa by german embassy 3 years ago. now i applied tourist visa they again refused me and give a refused letter. they show the reason no#9.i appealed and again they refused. *** now my question is that is any problem for my future tour plan with this passport with 3 times refused seal. please inform me. if someone can help me.  or i issue another new passport for my future tour.  yes. i submitted all supporting documents. invitation letter from my sister who live in germany. insurence for one month cover. bank statement with last balance 6000 euro. returned ticket reservation. job leave paper. my land property papers. and my stay was not more then two weeks. 
52579	Travelling to other Schengen state with French Schengen Visa	I travelled to France last February using French Schengen Visa and my visa expired last April. I have acquired my new French Schengen Visa (in the same passport).  Can I enter Italy or any other Schengen state using my French Schengen Visa? 
52606	In transit visa	we have a 12 hour layover at heathrow airport and we need to know about a in transit visa  we are coming from Canada  where do we get the visa? and how much does it cost? We are traveling british airways from Toronto to south Africa  
52608	Layover at San Francisco International Airport	We have a 6 hour layover at SFO. Is that enough time to see the town? Is there a bus or should we take a taxi? What about our 2 carry-on 17 lb. bags? 
52608	Layover at San Francisco International Airport	We have a 6 hour layover at SFO. Is that enough time to see the town? Is there a bus or should we take a taxi? What about our 2 carry-on 17 lb. bags? 
52606	In transit visa	we have a 12 hour layover at heathrow airport and we need to know about a in transit visa  we are coming from Canada  where do we get the visa? and how much does it cost? We are traveling british airways from Toronto to south Africa  
52632	Is there somewhere in Sydney, Australia where I can exchange unusual foreign currencies?	I've got a bunch of Iranian Rials left over from a recent trip because I assumed, stupidly, that like other airports there'd be an exchange place after passport control. Sadly, that was not the case.  As a result, I'm stuck with a bit of IRR left over.  Travelex won't take it, and the couple of banks I've tried won't either.  I asked a similar question about London a few years back, with some success, so I'm hoping for similar results with Sydney... 
52627	Which consulate will give me the longest Schengen visa?	My husband is UK citizen and I have UK spouse visa. Thanks to my husband's job we would like to take one European trip a month. To that end I would like to know which embassy will issue the longest validity Schengen visa. I have already heard that the French embassy gives a multiple entry visa with at least 90 days validity. Can you suggest any others? 
52627	Which consulate will give me the longest Schengen visa?	My husband is UK citizen and I have UK spouse visa. Thanks to my husband's job we would like to take one European trip a month. To that end I would like to know which embassy will issue the longest validity Schengen visa. I have already heard that the French embassy gives a multiple entry visa with at least 90 days validity. Can you suggest any others? 
52593	Schengen Visa extension Spain	I am an Indian. I wanted to stay in Spain for one month, but by mistake my bookings were for 20 days only, so accordingly the Spainish Embassy has allowed me only 20 days.    How can I extend my visa, or can I apply online in any other nearby European countries? 
52657	transit visa for canada	I am a citizen of India. I have a valid S-1 student visa. I am traveling to Toronto, Canada by British Airways from Mumbai to Canada, via London and New York. I will not be going out of the airport. Do I require a transit visa? 
52658	Should I tip an airbnb host when leaving (germany)?	I'm going to Berlin on vacation. I'll stay 8 days, and I found an host on airbnb. I'm Italian, and here in Italy we are not used to tips (we never leave tips even in restaurants or pubs, nor in hotels or so..), so I don't have much knowledge about exact tip habits in other coutries.  Should I tip the host when leaving? 
46974	Quickest Schengen visa in Atlanta	I have an Indian passport, with F-1 visa living in US. I am travelling to India via Europe (exact point of change of flight isn't fixed, but it is either Amsterdam, Paris or the Frankfurt.) I wish to visit a friend in Paris for 4-5 days while coming back. (And also, we might travel to Netherlands or Spain in this period)  I am wondering, which consulate to apply for tourist Schengen visa in Atlanta, my trip starts on 23rd of May, so I have little more than 3 weeks time. While, it may be considered safe time frame, I wish to expedite the visa approval so that I can book the tickets.   More info: In the past, I have been issued Schengen visa twice: One a student visa from Chennai consulate in India; another, a Business visa issued from Swiss consulate in Atlanta. (Business visa from swiss consulate in Atlanta was issued in just one day, despite they said it might take a week.) 
52687	Transit VISA for US from India via London	I know this is a kind of duplicate question but my scenario is bit different and I am looking for the answer as per my scenario.  My parents will be travelling from India to New York via London after 2 weeks, their flight has a layover of 2.5 hours at London - Heathrow. Their next flight will be departed from the same airport i.e. from London - Heathrow after 2.5 hours but before mid-night of same day (as per schedule of flight). They have a valid B1/B2 visa for United States.  Do they need for transit visa at London-Heathrow. I have already gone through link "https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa" but some says that Indian passport holders need transit visa. Please let me know if they require it or not. 
52692	Information about transit visa	I will be traveling to South Africa from Marseille to heathrow terminal 3 (london) and will wait for 2hours before my outwards flight from terminal 2 to South Africa. Do I need a transit visa? 
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52714	Changing flights after having been granted a Schengen-Visa	My girlfriend is currently a resident outside of the Schengen area while I'm a Swedish resident. She applied for a visitors visa with my invitation and was swiftly granted it.   However, we have later found a better flight than the reservation we used when applying for the visa. All the dates are exactly the same, but it is cheaper. The big difference is though that the original flight had a connection outside the Schengen zone while the new one has it inside, in Helsinki. The final destination airport is still the same (Arlanda) and she won't be staying in Helsinki, just getting on another plane there.    My understanding is that as Helsinki is the first Schengen airport she lands at she will have to pass through immigration there and not in Arlanda, correct?  Will she experience any trouble getting in or on the plants due to this change?   
52694	Portable Wifi Hotspot for Italy	What options are there for visitors to Italy in getting a sim card with a large amount of data (3G or 4G) or alternatively a portable wifi hotspot that I can pick up and drop off easily.  I will be travelling all over Italy, including Venice, Florence, Tuscany, Pisa, Cinque Terre, Rome, Naples.  Ideally this should work in the cities and in the country side (I will be travelling by train and would like to use it on the long journeys)  Edit: This question and answers answers the sim card part of the question, but since I only need internet data, I have changed my question to ask only for portable wifi hotspots.  And I will be travelling for about 2 weeks. I'm looking for "a lot" of data (1GB+ per day). 
52725	Schengen Visa Refusal: Does it make sense to appeal?	My visa got denied by the Greek embassy in Abu Dhabi for the reason below: the information submitted regarding the justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not reliable.  Does it make sense to appeal for this?  I have no idea why they denied my application while my friend got hers. We applied together and submitted the same documents, booked hotels and tickets. My purpose is a tour for 6 days.  Here are the documents I submitted:   Schengen visa application form (Greece) copy of my passport recently renewed valid from 16/05/2015 to 15/15/2017 copy of my UAE visa valid 2017/05/13 3.5 x4cm photo in white background RSA travel insurance with a coverage of Euro 30,000 from 02/10/2015 to 10/10/2015 6months NBD bank account statement with a nice balance (original with bank stamp) No-objection letter from my employee stating my position, salary, date of my recruitment. Booked hotel &amp; ticket fares with itinerary details  
52379	Do I need to register my Russian Visa?	I am staying in Russia for a period of 15 days however...  Following will be the cities I will be travelling to :  - Moscow for 6 days (Arrived by flight - Staying at hostel) - Murmansk for 5 days (Moscow to Murmansk by flight - Couchsurfing) - St. Petersburg for 4 days (Murmansk to St. Petersburg by Train - Couchsurfing)   Leaving Russia from St.Petersburg into Tallinn by Simple Express bus.   From what I read online, I do not need to register if I am changing cities (and living in each city for less than 7 working days)  I have all the travel documentation with me however I am still afraid about being asked at the border about registration while departing. Do they ask for registration at the exit border ?  I am currently in the Moscow part of my trip and 4 days have already passed since I've arrived. I am staying at a hostel in Moscow and couchsurfing in the other 2 cities.  Any advice would be greatly appreciated.  EDIT: I arrived in Moscow on 4th August afternoon. I just asked my hostel if they could register me now, they said it is not possible since Friday has almost ended and it takes 3 days to register so I can only be registered on Monday (But i'm leaving Moscow on Monday 7am for my flight to Murmansk. So registration is not possible for me - what should be my plan of action now ?) 
52723	Do bus stations have names in Latin letters in Tokyo	I'm planning to visit Tokyo this year, trying to plan out my trip, but in Google maps I get things like: x０３towards xxxx (where x is a Japanese letter) This is a bus station. Are they available in Latin letters? How can I get help with this? 
52741	Urgent! Can I enter France before my Long Sejour Visa begins?	I am a student and I will be studying abroad in France for a semester. I am scheduled to enter France on 26 August for a family vacation before my program begins, however (through a series of miscommunications) my long sejour visa does not begin until 28 August. I've read that I can enter France on the 26th on a tourist visa, but that I must exit the Schengen area and then re-enter France on or after the date my long sejour visa begins, so that my visa can be "activated." Is this information correct? Or, if I arrive in France on the 26th will I be turned away? Any help is appreciated!! Thank you!! 
52769	Can I be sure of insurance coverage as a rideshare passenger?	@colorant’s answer refers to an offer by BlaBlaCar of “24€ pro Person 4 freie Plätze” for Amsterdam to Hannover.  Rome2Rio by car from Amsterdam to Hanover estimates 60€-85€ (and admittedly 19€ for Rideshare).  With four spaces available the upper end of the range seems would be more appropriate (ie 85€). Split between driver and four others this equates to 17€ per person.    The German version of BlaBlaCar’s terms and conditions does not appear to detail booking fees but the English version states the maximum is 20% of the Cost Contribution. So for a contribution of 24€ the maximum booking fee is 4.80€ per passenger. This leaves at least 19.20€ per passenger to be passed on to the driver. The ‘contribution’ from four ride sharing passengers at that rate would be 76.80€, a little under Rome2Rio's high-end estimate of total* cost. However, five passengers (ie including the driver) at that rate would total 96€ - 13% more than Rome2Rio’s high-end estimate of the actual cost.    BlaBlaCar states “No profits are made which is why BlaBlaCar drivers' insurance policies are not affected.”    However, if Rome2Rio’s figures are to be believed, it seems drivers may be making profits and consequently the journey may not be covered by insurance (my concern).    On the other hand, 24€ appears to be a genuine and recent quote, indicating that Rome2Rio’s Rideshare estimate may be inaccurate by 26%.    Is it a mixture – Booking fees are more than 20% for this journey and/or Rome2Rio is not fully up-to-date for prices and/or 24€ is an exceptionally high example for the journey in question (perhaps because other rideshare services are more expensive, or a vehicle with very high fuel consumption)?  * It seems I misunderstood Rome2Rio's figures for the cost of driving. These, as has been explained by @Relaxed, are basically fuel-only, or thereabouts. Other 'variable' costs (ie those that also increase more-or-less in proportion to mileage) would be about the same again (tyres, clutch and brake pads, oil, filters, windscreen wipers, bulbs etc) and, depending upon usage, 'fixed' costs (eg insurance, annual certification etc) could be the same again, again.       
52695	UK student visitor visa refused, Erasmus Mundus scholarship	I believe my question is not a duplicate of another question. In that question their trip is funded by their father. In mine - not. I don't have a family sponsor but European Commision and Erasmus Mundus are financing me.  I come from Georgia. I have been selected for the Erasmus Mundus master's programme and received a scholarship of 42.000 EUR.  This is a very prestigious scholarship scheme  and a very reliable source of funding.  The programme starts on September 1st and I must spend the 1st semester at the University of Cumbria, Ambleside, the UK. In January 2016, I must move to Norway in order to continue my studies at the Norwegian Institution. From August 2016, I must study in Germany for the next part of my programme.   I have applied to the UK Visas and Immigration office, Istanbul. I have asked for short term student visitor visa and got refused. Now I am reapplying and have some questions.   Exact wording of the refusal letter quoted here:     You have applied to visit the UK as part of the Erasmus Mundus Scheme. You have provided evidence from the scheme and from the Universities involved, including the Unniversity of Cumbria.      You have stated that you are employed as a manager by COMPANYNAME. It is reasonable that you would provide evidence of this employment to demonstrate your source of income. You have provided a bank letter and statement from AAA Bank and I note the statement shows salary deposits, however the lack  of any evidence from your stated employer to corroborate the income raises concerns. I realise you state you are resigning from your employment, however I would still expect to see evidence to show the source of your personal funds.      Your bank letter also states you hold two other accounts, including a Euro account. You have not demonstrated any source for the funds in these accounts.      Although your visit will be funded by the Erasmus Mundus Scheme, it is still reasonable that you would provide evidence of your circumstances in Georgia. The lack of such evidence raises concerns regarding your intentions and reason for travelling to study overseas.      In light of all of the above I am not satisfied as to your intentions in wishing to travel to the UK now. I am not satisfied that you genuinely intend a short student visit only to the UK and that you will leave the UK at the end of the visit. I am therefore not satisfied that your application meets the paragraph A57D(b)   Fist of all, about the evidence from my employer, when I filled in my application, I was about to leave my job because I wanted more time to prepare for my studies. And by the time I had an appointment at Teleperformance, I had already left my job. This is why I didn't even think of retrieving such letter from my employer. Now I see it was stupid of me. For my new application, I have retrieved the letter proving that I indeed worked there from ---- to ---- and received salary of  ----. Do you think it helps?  As for two other bank accounts, I have some money on both of them but not so much. This was gift from my father when he heard I was going to study abroad. I didn't know it was necessary to demonstrate this. This time I have retrieved a document from bank that proves that it was indeed my father who deposited this sum to my account. Do you think it helps?  I understand that these two documents were indeed lacking in my application but what is surprising for me is that my personal funds should not be important when I receive a scholarship from Erasmus Mundus. I have enclosed several letters from Erasmus Mundus Scheme itself, from European Union, from my host universities, all stating that ALL MY COSTS WILL BE COVERED BY ERASMUS. I can support myself with this scholarship even without the money that I personally own.  I am also surprised because I have a very good travel record in Schengen countries. I have received 4 visas during past 5 years and the last one is a 2-year schengen visa which is still in force.  I have requested more supporting letters from universities and from the Erasmus Mundus Association representatives in Georgia. I hope this also helps.  I am thinking of enclosing  frank letter where I will explain why the documents were lacking in the first application and that I am adding them now. I also want to demonstrate in this letter that  I do not intend to stay in the UK I perfectly understand that everybody would say the same but the thing is that if I don't leave UK, I cannot go to Norway to continue my studies and my scholarship and everything will be completely lost. This is very logical. It is not in my interests to stay in UK. I also want to indicate that I have amazing parents here at home and I would never want to leave my country forever. I also want to include letters proving that they have well paid jobs here. Do you think it is good?  Last but not the least, should I send the refusal letter back to them with my new application documents?  
52782	Schengen Visa Refusal: Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided	Schengen refusal formulae can be difficult to understand sometimes.    When an applicant receives a refusal with "Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided", what does it mean? 
52712	Refusal of visa to Sweden	I applied for tourist visa to visit friend in Sweden and was denied. I have appealed twice but still denied. what other documents should I attach to prove that I will be coming back.  I attached my employers letter, bank statements and all the requirements I have a grandson am taking care of and am catering for my university children  in their education being the only parent, single mother. I attached a paid return ticket and Travel insurance for the period  My friend is a Swedish National; he attached all the requirements and stated that he was going to host and meet all my living expenses.  I gave him power of attorney to appeal. they declined. he is yet to appeal to the highest court in Gotenburg. What else should we attach? How do we appeal? I am a Kenyan citizen. the reasons given were:   Justification for purpose and conditions of the intended stay not provided (visiting a friend attached letter from employer and permission for leave out) Not provided proof of sufficient means for the duration intended stay or for return to the country of origin ( i attached return ticket fully paid for and bank statements)  
52784	What will happen if I don't use my Schengen visa?	I've been given a Schengen visa valid for 1 month.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to travel during the dates I've specified in my application.  What should I do?  Do I just not use the visa?  Or should I let the embassy know so they can cancel it? 
52798	Can I enter Canada and return to the UK using different passports?	I am a dual British/Canadian with a passport from each nation. Can I use the Canadian passport to enter/leave Canada and the British passport to leave/return to the UK? 
52798	Can I enter Canada and return to the UK using different passports?	I am a dual British/Canadian with a passport from each nation. Can I use the Canadian passport to enter/leave Canada and the British passport to leave/return to the UK? 
52755	Can an Indian national in F1 and B1/B2 visa travel to Mexico?	Can an Indian national travel to Mexico in F1 visa?I also have an B1/B2 visa but I am residing in US currently in F1 status. And what about people with H1B visas? 
52100	I have two passports/nationalities. How do I use them when I travel?	I am a citizen of two different countries, and have two passports.  How should I use my passports when traveling? 
52823	Help preparing a Schengen visa application (non-EEA national)	any Kenyan in Sweden? I'm applying for visa next week on Tuesday . to visit my boyfriend. we've met once when he came to Kenya. and now I want to go visit. I have a clothing business and have every legal document to prove it. has anyone applied like me? was it approved? what I want to know is, if anyone who's young and self employed, ever applied and got approved.  
52823	Help preparing a Schengen visa application (non-EEA national)	any Kenyan in Sweden? I'm applying for visa next week on Tuesday . to visit my boyfriend. we've met once when he came to Kenya. and now I want to go visit. I have a clothing business and have every legal document to prove it. has anyone applied like me? was it approved? what I want to know is, if anyone who's young and self employed, ever applied and got approved.  
39063	Kenyan citizen refused Schengen visa from Sweden	I am a Kenyan citizen. I applied for a Schengen visa, via the Swedish embassy, for visiting friends and family.  I got my results today and I was denied the visa.  I am a student, I will be done with my studies this month. The person who invited me (my boyfriend) was to cater for everything while I visited him.  I was denied a visa on the following grounds:        Justification for the purpose and conditions of the intended stay was not provided      I clearly wrote in my written statement that I was going to see my man, what we would do etc.        Your intention to leave the territory of the member states before the expiry of the visa could not be ascertained        I am not employed, but I am a student and I gave a letter from school. I have a small clothing business whereby I sell items online. I did not know how to give proof of this as I do not have any tax returns on it, or business registration because it is a very small business, just something to give me some extra income as I study.  I also provided the following documents:   I gave my bank statements, having opened a bank account just because of applying (I did not have an account before)  I gave a lease agreement letter for the apartment I stay in   I would like to re-apply asap because appealing is a waste of time  How can I improve my case above?  Kindly assist I know the rules for visa application is the same everywhere so there must be somebody here who has the knowledge and will be able to help me correct any mistakes that I might have made.  Extra information:   My boyfriend is a Swedish citizen, born and raised. He did send an invitation with proof of income and everything, also stated that he was going to sponsor my stay and that I was going to stay with him.   It is very hard for somebody from a third world country to be approved a visa but not everybody who lives there wants to break the rules of another country so that they can become illegal immigrants.   Also, no, we will not have babies or get married just so that I can get a visa. Relationships don't work that way. Also,we have decided to appeal but with extra documentation i.e:   A new extended lease agreement I will enroll for an extra course at my university I'm having my parents write letters also stating they will offer any financial assistance I may need (in case of any emergency), my friends and neighbour as well (to prove social and family ties in Kenya as that was also an issue) M-pesa statements&lt;&lt;--(the reason I never had a bank account before is because in Kenya we have something called m-pesa which is a mobile 'phone money transfer and savings service, so I conducted all my transactions there. Receipts for the sales I made in my business.    Will that improve my chances?  I am not planning on overstaying my visa. I never was and never will be. A visa to visit my boyfriend is listed under visa for friends and family.  P.S the new lease will be for 1 year. The new course will require graduation after my trip i.e when I get back because I'm planning on being back by January as classes will be in session - also since I'll be applying for internship, so need to be back early.  And, I do have a return flight booked. 
51048	Schengen Visa Application: tips for preparing	Lots of people would like to visit the EEA area to take holiday or to visit family.  In order to do this, they need a Schengen visa.  This appears to be a fairly straightforward process, but hints and tips can always be helpful.  Without focusing on any individual's circumstances, what are some helpful hints that can improve the likelihood of a successful application? 
51048	Schengen Visa Application: tips for preparing	Lots of people would like to visit the EEA area to take holiday or to visit family.  In order to do this, they need a Schengen visa.  This appears to be a fairly straightforward process, but hints and tips can always be helpful.  Without focusing on any individual's circumstances, what are some helpful hints that can improve the likelihood of a successful application? 
52858	Strategy while applying for visa to UK 2nd time ( after first refusal )	I applied for visa around 2 months ago. Unfortunately got refused because of a missing document.  Here's is the full context - India to UK Business VISA refused due to wording issues  My previous visa type was "Business visitor visa (single or multiple entries with in 6 months)"  I'm applying again with same visa type sponsored / funded by same company with following additional documents attached -    Letter stating I'm an employee of the company and my employee information etc. Letter stating my accommodation, arrival date, leaving date from UK and address. Invitation letter for company meeting.   My questions -    Anything else I should attach other than this, May be a apologise letter for my previous application or anything else ? What should I mention with my approximate travel date ( its flexible for me, I've got to know should be at-least 2 months from my visa application) I attached my bank statements in last application, Should I again, if yes, what are the minimum funds I'd need to show ? Is it the right visa type / time to re-apply ?   Thanks. 
49682	India to UK Business VISA refused due to wording issues	I applied for UK business visitor visa for 2 weeks and my application got refused and I attached following documents -    My Bank statement Identity Passport Income tax returns.   Other than this My company CEO provided following documents attached with application.  CEO's invitation letter inviting me for a business visit for UK ( they forgot to mention I'm an employee of this company, although they wrote they would providing accommodation and flight charges )  Other than this I attached copy of his passport and bank statement.  According to refusal notice they said, CEO's had no where mentioned that you are their employee while you've said that in your application.  "I am not sure you meet the requirement of Appendix V, Immigration rules for visitors"  you have sought the entry clearance to visit the UK for two weeks. Your stated purpose is meeting and collaboration with with CEO, the CEO of the company called COMPANY. CEO has provided a letter of support for your application, which states that you have a work related meeting with him. I note whereas you state you are employed by “COMPANY”, CEO makes no mention of this in his letter, stating only he  is a CEO of a company called COMPANY.  You have not provided any evidence that you are employed by this company in india or else where.  "Therefore I am not satisfied as to your motives to seeking entry in UK at this time. I am not therefore satisfied that you intend to leave united kingdom at the end of your visit. I'm also not satisfied that you are genuinely seeking entry for a purpose permitted by visitor routes and you will not undertake any of the prohibited activities under V4.5 - V4.10. V4.2 (a) (c) and (d)"  Future Applications -   Any Future UK visa applications you make will be considered on their individual merits, but they may be refused unless.   Your personal circumstances changes significantly between now and your next application. Your provide compelling new evidence with your application.   I'm not sure what to do now, I would need to apply again and pay visa fee again ?  They have also wrote there is not rights for appeal or administrative reviews. 
52852	Documents to support a further application following the refusal of a Standard UK visa	A couple of days ago I posted Reapplying for a UK Standard Visitor visa after a refusal where I included the reasons for my being refused a UK Standard visa.  I am planning to re-apply but require further guidance before I proceed with another application.   My cousin and my friend both sent me a letter of invitation. I used my friend's letter for the initial application. I did write in the initial application that I will be visiting my cousin as well.    I did not submit my leave letter from work with the initial application.  I was granted leave for one month but now because of work requirements my company has cancelled some of my leave and granted me only 20 days.   Can I use the same letter of invitation sent by my friend?    Will it have negative impact if I use the letter sent by my cousin?    If I submit my leave letter for 20 days and apply to visit for 20 days will it have adverse effect, as my initial application was for 30 days?  
52871	Do i need to replance this passport?	  Indian Passport Page no 62 torn. will this be considered as damaged passport? should i get a new passport? I have a US Visa on this passport. The page is still attached to the passport booklet. This passport is still valid for 10 years.  
